Skip to main content ↓

##### [REVENUE DRIVEN FOR OUR CLIENTS __$10,085,355,239+
](https://www.webfx.com/about/results/)

  * __Search
  * [Client Login](https://app.webfx.com/)
  * [__888-601-5359](tel:8886015359)

[Get a Proposal](https://www.webfx.com/free-quote/)

[ ![WebFX Logo](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/webfx-
logo.svg) ](https://www.webfx.com)

Digital Marketing  
That Drives Revenue®

  *   * SEO & Lead Generation __

    *       * ![A blue magnifying glass icon with a thin teal box.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-organic-search.svg)Organic Search
        * [ SEO Services](https://www.webfx.com/seo/services/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Enterprise SEO Services](/seo/services/enterprise/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Digital Marketing Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Local SEO Services](/local-seo/services/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Google Local Services Ads Management](https://www.webfx.com/ppc/services/google-local-services-ads/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [SEO Audits](/seo/services/seo-audits/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Generative Engine & Chat Optimization](https://www.webfx.com/seo/services/ai-search-optimization/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![Outline of a blue hand icon touching a circle.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-digital-advertising.svg)Digital Advertising
        * [PPC Management Services](https://www.webfx.com/ppc/services/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Enterprise PPC Management Services](https://www.webfx.com/ppc/services/enterprise/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Social Media Advertising](https://www.webfx.com/social-media/services/advertising/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Enterprise Social Media Advertising](https://www.webfx.com/social-media/services/enterprise-social-advertising/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Programmatic Advertising Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-advertising/services/programmatic/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Geofencing Services](/digital-advertising/services/geofencing/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Connected TV & OTT](https://www.webfx.com/digital-advertising/services/ott-connected-tv/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![Social media likes icon with heart and thumbs up.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-social-media.svg)Ecommerce
        * [Ecommerce SEO Services](https://www.webfx.com/seo/services/ecommerce/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Ecommerce PPC Services](https://www.webfx.com/ppc/services/ecommerce/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Ecommerce Social Media Advertising](https://www.webfx.com/social-media/services/ecommerce-advertising/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [B2B Ecommerce Enablement](/web-design/services/ecommerce/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Shopping Feed Automation](https://www.webfx.com/ppc/services/shopping-feeds/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Ecommerce Digital Marketing Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/ecommerce/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Ecommerce Marketing Resources](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/ecommerce/ "Browse additional resources")
    *       * ![Teal circle and blue lightbulb shapes.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-learn-seo.svg)Learn
        * [Our SEO Results](https://www.webfx.com/about/results/ "Explore client results")
        * [Our SEO Case Studies](/portfolio/ "Browse case studies")
        * [What Is an SEO Company?](/blog/seo/what-is-an-seo-company/ "Understand an SEO company’s role")
        * [Who Are the Best SEO Companies?](https://www.webfx.com/seo/learn/best-seo-companies/ "Discover the best SEO companies")
        * [SEO Guide for Marketing Managers](/seo-guide-marketing-managers/ "Master SEO as a marketing manager ")
        * [What Is Digital Marketing?](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/glossary/what-is-digital-marketing/ "Understand digital marketing’s meaning")
        * [Best Digital Marketing Tools](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/digital-marketing-tools/ "Explore top-rated marketing tools")
    *       *         * 198%

#### Increase in organic transactions

[Read Our Case Study](/portfolio/case-studies/koa/)

__Close

  * Revenue Marketing & CRO __

    *       * ![Light green geometric shape and blue flame shape](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-digital-marketing.svg)Digital Intelligence
        * [ Web Channel Call Tracking](/analytics/services/call-tracking/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [SEO Reporting & Forecasting](/seo/services/custom-reporting/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Channel Attribution & Forecasting](/analytics/services/channel-attribution-forecasting/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Digital Marketing Competitor Analysis](/digital-marketing/services/competitor-analysis/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Private Equity Due Diligence](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/digital-due-diligence/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Revenue Operations](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/revenue-operations/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![Light green square and blue plus sign](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-commerce-platforms.svg)Conversion
        * [Conversion Rate Optimization](/digital-marketing/services/conversion-rate-optimization/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [User Experience Testing](/web-design/services/ux-analysis/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Landing Pages & Funnels](/ppc/services/landing-page-design/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Online Review Acceleration](/technology/revenuecloudfx/reviewaccelerationfx/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Channel Partner Sales Pipeline Management](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/agency/channel-partner-marketing/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Website Personalization](/content-marketing/services/personalized-website-content/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![Finger tapping buy icon.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-amazon.svg)Marketing Automation
        * [Account-Based Marketing Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-advertising/services/account-based-marketing/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Lead Nurture Email Marketing](/email-marketing/services/lead-nurture-marketing/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Email Marketing Management](/email-marketing/services/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Salesforce Marketing Automation](/martech/services/salesforce-consultants/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Microsoft Dynamics Marketing Automation](/martech/services/microsoft-dynamics/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Employment & Recruiting Marketing](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/digital-recruitment/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![icon-b2b](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-b2b.svg)Commerce Platforms
        * [SEO for Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/services/amazon-seo-listing-optimization-service/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Advertising Management for Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/services/advertising/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Shopify Optimization Services](https://www.webfx.com/seo/services/shopify/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Facebook Marketplace for Business](https://www.webfx.com/social-media/services/facebook-marketplace/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Influencer Marketing Services](https://www.webfx.com/social-media/services/influencer-marketing/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Walmart Marketplace Advertising](https://www.webfx.com/marketplaces/services/walmart/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       *         * 30%+

#### increase in ecommerce sales

[Read Our Case Study](/portfolio/case-studies/s-clyde-weaver/)

__Close

  * UX & Interactive __

    *       * ![Blue and purple laptop shape](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-ux.svg)Design
        * [ Website Design](/web-design/services/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Website Redesign](/web-design/services/redesign/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Rapid Web Design](/web-design/services/rainmakerfx/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Social Media Design](https://www.webfx.com/social-media/services/design/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Ecommerce Website Design](https://www.webfx.com/web-design/services/ecommerce/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Email Marketing Testing & Design](/email-marketing/services/design/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![Content marketing icon with pencil and paper.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-content-marketing.svg)Content Marketing
        * [SEO Copywriting](/content-marketing/services/website-copywriting/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Content Marketing Services](/content-marketing/services/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Social Media Management](https://www.webfx.com/social-media/services/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Infographics & Motion Graphics](/content-marketing/services/infographics/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Web Video Production Services](/digital-marketing/agency/video-marketing/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [YouTube Advertising](https://www.webfx.com/digital-advertising/services/youtube/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![Development icon.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-development.svg)Development
        * [Digital Experience Development](/web-development/services/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Shopify Ecommerce Development](/web-development/services/shopify/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Web Infrastructure & Maintenance](/web-development/services/website-maintenance/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Content Management Systems](/web-development/services/cms/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [AI & GPT Integration](https://www.webfx.com/martech/services/ai-integration/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [ADA Compliance Services](/web-development/services/ada-compliance/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![Learn icon of lightbulb.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-learn-ux.svg)Challenges We Solve
        * [My Website Doesn’t Drive Leads](https://www.webfx.com/about/our-approach/website-doesnt-drive-leads/ "Troubleshoot lead generation")
        * [My Website Traffic Is Going Down](/about/our-approach/why-is-my-website-traffic-going-down/ "Troubleshoot website traffic")
        * [My Website Doesn’t Convert](/about/our-approach/my-website-doesnt-convert/ "Troubleshoot conversion rates")
        * [My Website Isn’t Driving ROI](/about/our-approach/my-website-isnt-driving-business-growth/ "Troubleshoot site revenue")
        * [My Website Isn’t Showing Up on Google](https://www.webfx.com/about/our-approach/site-isnt-showing-up-on-google/ "Troubleshoot indexing issues")
        * [My Agency Isn’t Driving Results](/about/our-approach/my-agency-isnt-driving-results/ "Master selling online")
    *       *         * ### The WebFX Portfolio

[View Design Portfolio](/portfolio/design-portfolio/)

__Close

  * AI & Technology __

    *       * ![Green bar graphs with upwards blue arrow](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-revenue.svg)Revenue Acceleration Platform
        * [ RevenueCloudFX Revenue Platform](/technology/revenuecloudfx/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [CRM Integrations](/technology/revenuecloudfx/crm-integration/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Customer Data Platform (CDP)](/martech/services/customer-data-platform/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Lead Management & Scheduling Solutions](/martech/services/lead-management/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [CRM Retargeting Technology](/digital-advertising/services/crm-retargeting/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [Contact Enrichment](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/contact-enrichment/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![Analytics icon with bars at different heights.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-analytics.svg)AI
        * [AI SEO Services](https://www.webfx.com/seo/services/ai/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [AI Digital Marketing Services](https://www.webfx.com/martech/services/ai/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [How Much Does AI Cost?](https://www.webfx.com/martech/pricing/ai/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [AI Consulting](https://www.webfx.com/martech/agency/ai-consulting-firm/ "View plans and pricing")
        * [AI & GPT Integration](https://www.webfx.com/martech/services/ai-integration/)
        * [Closed Loop Analytics](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/closed-loop-analytics/ "View plans and pricing")
    *       * ![Green circle and blue x](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-marketing-automation.svg)Learn
        * [What Is a CRM?](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/what-is-a-crm/ "Understand a CRM’s meaning")
        * [Data-Driven Marketing Guide](https://www.webfx.com/digital-advertising/first-party-data/ "Learn how to use data-driven marketing")
        * [How To Write AI Prompts](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/how-to-write-ai-prompts/ "Understand a CDP’s meaning")
        * [How To Track AI Search Visibility](https://www.webfx.com/blog/seo/track-ai-search-rankings/ "Understand an ERP’s meaning")
        * [What Is AI Marketing?](https://www.webfx.com/martech/learn/artificial-intelligence-marketing/ "Understand AI in marketing")
        * [What are CRM Integrations?](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/crm-integrations/ "Undesrtand CRM integrations")
    *       *         * #### Industry-leading revenue acceleration platform

![Rocket](/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/header/v2/rocket.svg)

##### A next-level approach to digital

WebFX's proprietary digital marketing platform makes it easier than ever to
track digital marketing performance, conduct industry research, calculate ROI,
and make strategic decisions.

[View RevenueCloudFX](/technology/revenuecloudfx/)

    *       *         * #### Simple, all-in-one CRM platform for B2B

![Nutshell Acorn Logo](/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/header/v2/nutshell-
acorn-logo.png)

##### Equip your sales team to win

Meet Nutshell, the CRM we've built from the ground up to help you reach your
sales goals. Powerful features like workflow automation and centralized
customer data make closing deals easier than ever.

[View Nutshell](/technology/nutshell/)

__Close

  * Who We Are __

    *       * ![Orange chat bubble shape and blue star shape](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-who-we-are.svg)Who We Are
        * [ Our Approach](/about/our-approach/ "Explore our approach to digital marketing")
        * [About Us](/about/ "Get to know WebFX")
        * [Careers (We Are Hiring!)](/careers/ "Explore open positions")
        * [Contact Info](/contact/ "Learn how to contact us")
        * [WebFX Reviews](/about/reviews/ "Read our reviews")
        * [Awards](/about/awards/ "Browse our awards")
    *       * ![Orange circle and blue leaf shape](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-community.svg)Community Impact
        * [Company Values](/about/company-values/ "Explore our POSITIVE values")
        * [Community Impact](/about/charities/ "Explore our community impact")
        * [FXBuilds](/about/fxbuilds/ "Explore FXBuilds projects")
        * [Equality at WebFX](https://equality.webfx.com/ "Explore our commitment to equality")
        * [STEMFX Program](/about/stem-fx/ "Explore our STEMFX program")
        * [WebFX History](/about/history/ "Explore our history")
    *       * ![Blue circle with a dollar sign](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-pricing.svg)Pricing Guides
        * [How Much Should a Website Cost?](/web-design/pricing/website-costs/ "Explore website costs")
        * [How Much Does PPC Cost?](/ppc/pricing/ "Explore PPC costs")
        * [Email Marketing Pricing](/email-marketing/pricing/ "Explore email marketing costs")
        * [Social Media Pricing](https://www.webfx.com/blog/social-media/social-media-pricing/ "Explore social media costs")
        * [How Much Does SEO Cost?](/seo/pricing/ "Explore SEO costs")
        * [Local SEO Pricing](/local-seo/pricing/ "Explore local SEO costs")
    *       * ![Blue and orange book shape](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icon-content-library.svg)Content Library
        * [Our Blog](https://www.webfx.com/blog/ "View our latest posts")
        * [SEO Checker Report](/seo-checker/ "Get a free SEO audit")
        * [Free Keyword Suggestion Tool](/tools/keywordsfx/ "Get keyword suggestions")
        * [Fix Your Funnel](/tools/fix-marketing-funnel/ "Find marketing funnel leaks")
        * [FAQFox](https://www.webfx.com/seo-tools/faqfox/ "Generate content topics")
        * [View All Tools](/tools/ "Explore all tools")
    *       *         * #### #1Best Place  
to Work in PA

[View Careers](/careers/)

__Close

__Search [Client Login](https://app.webfx.com/)

[Get a Proposal](https://www.webfx.com/free-quote/)

__ __

![loading](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/loading.gif)
Loading results...

An error occurred when getting the results, please click here to try again or
modify your search criteria.

Sorry, no results have been found, please try other search criteria.

#####

  * 

##### Showing **1 - 10** out of **832** for:

  *     * Article

[Previous]() [Next]()

  * [Home](https://www.webfx.com/)
  * [Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/)
  * [Learn](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/learn/)
  * Amazon Product Optimization

# 7 Amazon Product Page Optimization Tips

Amazon is one of the fastest-growing online platforms for selling your
products. If you want to reach as many leads as possible, optimize your
product listings on Amazon. On this page, we’ll provide you with seven Amazon
product page optimization tips to help you improve your product listings. If
you need help creating more effective product listings, [contact us
online](https://www.webfx.com/free-quote/) or call us today at
**[888-601-5359](tel:888-601-5359)** to learn how our team of experts can help
you improve your product pages.

[ Calculate Your Amazon Sales Margin ](https://www.webfx.com/tools/amazon-
sales-margin-calculator/)

![bestplacestowork bptw 2024 1](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/bestplacestowork-bptw-2024-1.png)

![Shopify Partners logo with a stylized letter S.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/shopify-partner.png)

![google cloud partner 1](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/google-cloud-partner-1.png)

![microsoft advertising partner 1](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/microsoft-advertising-partner-1.png)

![2023Inc5000 Custom 10xClub 10X removebg white 2](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/2023Inc5000_Custom_10xClub_10X-removebg-white-2.png)

![Power Partner Logo Light Mode](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/11/Power_Partner_Logo_Light_Mode.png)

![google premier partner gray no year 1](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/google-premier-partner-gray-no-year-1.png)

[ ![Meta Business Partners two line lockup positive primary RGB w
1](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/Meta_Business_Partners_two_line_lockup_positive_primary_RGB_w-1.png)
](https://www.facebook.com/business/partner-
directory/search?solution_type=campaign_management&ref=pd_home_hero_cta&id=874109159609125&section=overview)

![amazon ads verified partner badge2 e1651604297119
1](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/amazon-ads-verified-
partner-badge2-e1651604297119-1.png)

![millennials logo](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-
millenials-1.png)

![Semrush Agency Partner logo in black and white](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/semrush-agency-partner-logo-bw.png)

## 1\. Target keywords

Amazon uses keywords to rank your products in the right search results. It’s
important that you choose appropriate keywords for your listings. You want
your products to appear in search results that are relevant.

If you use search engine optimization (SEO) or invest in [SEO
services](https://www.webfx.com/seo/services/) for your website, you may be
familiar with conducting keyword research. [Keyword
research](https://www.webfx.com/seo/learn/how-to-do-keyword-research/) for
Amazon operates differently. Google SEO focuses more on optimizing listings to
help users find information, while Amazon focuses on optimizing listings to
get people to buy products.

To find the right keywords, use an Amazon-specific keyword research tool.
[Sonar](http://sonar-tool.com/us/) is a great tool to use to find Amazon
keywords for your listings. In addition, you can come up with base keywords
for your listings and type them into Amazon’s search bar to get suggestions
for expanding on those keywords.

![amazon sonar](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/amazon-
sonar.png)

Once you figure out your keywords, integrate them into your listing. You only
need to integrate each keyword once to rank for it. Put your most important
keyword in your title.

You’ll want to put your second and third most important keywords in your
product descriptions. Any other keywords can go into the backend of your
listing. Your backend keywords will still allow your listings to rank in the
search results but won’t bog them down with too many keywords.

Choosing the right keywords will help you optimize your listings to reach
valuable leads. It’s a great way to get your products to appear in multiple,
relevant search results.

## 2\. Optimize your listing titles

Your title is one of the first things your audience will see when they find
your listing. It’s important to optimize your titles so you can provide your
audience with valuable information. You want to provide them with information
that gets them to click on your listing.

For most categories, there is a [limit of 200
characters](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/200390640),
which includes spaces. Some categories of products allow for even less
characters.

So, what type of information should be in your title?

![amazon title optimization](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/amazon-title-optimization.png)

Here’s a general format to follow for your product titles:

[Brand] [Feature] [Material] [Key ingredient] [Product type] [Model number]
[Size] [Package count] [Color] [Flavor]

While it isn’t required that you include all this information, it gives you an
idea for how to format your title.

The first thing in your title should be the brand name. People are drawn to
product listings that put the brand name first, especially if your brand is
well-known to people. It will help people feel confident about buying your
products because they know they are associated with a specific brand.

You’ll also want to integrate your most important keyword into your titles.
Your audience will see this keyword and determine if your products are
relevant to their needs.

In addition, you’ll want to include information like your product name,
quantity, and other important features of your product. This information
should help your audience understand more about your products and entice them
to click on your listings.

When you optimize your product titles, think about features that accentuate
the value of your products. Features like the material, being eco-friendly, or
color can influence your audience to check out your listings.

Optimizing your product page titles will help you drive better results for
your listings. You’ll encourage more leads to check out your listings by
providing them with important details in your titles.

## 3\. Use quality images

Next to your title, your images are one of the elements your audience uses to
judge your product. It’s important that you put the right images in your
product listings to give your audience a visual perception of your products.

All images uploaded to your Amazon listings should be at least 1000 pixels by
1000 pixels. You want to upload high-resolution images, so your audience can
zoom in and get a better view of your products.

There are specific requirements for your main images:

  1. **Professional image:** Your main image should be a professional photo that showcases the product.
  2. **Focus on the product:** Your product should fill the majority of the frame and the background should be white.
  3. **No markings:** There should be no watermarks, additional text, or anything that takes away from the product. The main image should solely showcase the product to your audience.

Aside from the main image, you have free rein over your eight other images.
This is an opportunity for you to show your audience all angles of your
product. It’s a great way to give your audience different points of view.

You can also take images that show your products in use or show the scale of
your product. These are both great images to help your audience better
understand your products.

Choosing the right images will help you better optimize your product listings.
You’ll get your audience interested in your products and help them decide
whether to convert.

## 4\. Optimize your product features section

When you see an Amazon listing, there is a bulleted list that appears at the
top of the product pages. This is your product features section. It is an
important section for helping your business showcase the important aspects of
your product.

![amazon product features section](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/amazon-product-features-section.png)

In this section, list the most important features of your product. What
information matters to your audience? You can list information like what your
product can do, how it works, different features it offers, warranties, and
guarantees.

This is another place where you can incorporate keywords, too. This will help
you appear in relevant search results for important keywords.

## 5\. Optimize your product descriptions

If your audience is really interested in your products, they’re going to head
to the product descriptions to learn more about them. Take the time to fill
out the product descriptions and provide your audience with additional details
about your products.

This is where you can tell your audience why they need to buy your products.
Emphasize the value and show them why your products are the solution to their
problem. You want to make your audience feel like they need to buy your
products.

When you write your product description, keep it casual and relatable for your
audience. Integrate target keywords to help your page rank for other relevant
keywords. A good description will help you provide that final nudge to get
leads to convert.

## 6\. Set the right price

Pricing plays an important role in your business earning conversions. Amazon
uses your pricing to predict how your products will perform.

When users shop on Amazon, they want to get the best deal. If your products
are priced higher than the other selection of products, they are more likely
to choose the cheaper option – especially if the star rating is the same! You
don’t want to miss out on sales because your product isn’t priced like your
competitors’.

![amazon pricing example](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/amazon-pricing-example.png)

For instance, if you list your product for $70 and your competitors list their
similar product around $30, Amazon will rank your product lower because it
predicts that your product won’t earn as many conversions as your
competitors’.

Does this mean you need to alter your pricing? Not entirely. Research your
competition to see how your prices compare to theirs. If you have room to
adjust your price, it is beneficial, but you can also improve your listings by
choosing different keywords to appear in better results.

## 7\. Earn reviews

Reviews are a crucial part of your product listings’ rankings. Amazon is very
focused on reviews because they know that good reviews encourage people to
convert. Since Amazon is in the business of sales, they focus on boosting
product listings that have good reviews to sell them.

Amazon ranks products at the top of the search results that have 4 or more
stars, so it’s ideal to have a relatively high rating. These products
encourage conversions because others have had a good experience with the
products.

Previously, companies would use incentives to encourage their audience to
review their product on Amazon. Now, Amazon restricts what you can do to [earn
reviews for your products](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/how-to-get-
reviews-on-amazon/). These restrictions push you to earn organic and authentic
reviews from people who have previously purchase your product.

To ensure you receive reviews, encourage your customers to review your
products when they purchase them. You can do this through an automated [email
marketing campaign](https://www.webfx.com/email-marketing/services/). Send
emails to your customers and invite them to share their experience.

When you ask for reviews, there’s a possibility that you will receive a
mixture of positive and negative reviews. The negative reviews are an
opportunity for you to solve problems or improve your product.

Potential buyers want to see that you are willing to fix issues people have
with your products. It may even encourage people to change their reviews to a
more positive rating!

Reviews will help you better optimize your product pages. You can appear
higher in search results by obtaining positive reviews.

## We foster and form long-term partnerships so that your business has long-
term results.

### Over 90%

of WebFX clients continue partnering with us into year 2 of their campaign.

[Hear from Our Raving Fans](https://www.webfx.com/about/our-approach/)

## WebFX will help you optimize your Amazon product listings

Amazon is a great platform for you to sell your products to interested buyers.
By [optimizing your Amazon product
listings](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/services/amazon-seo-listing-
optimization-service/), you’ll help your business reach Amazon customers that
will buy your products. At WebFX, we can help you with your product page
optimization for Amazon.

We’re a full-service digital marketing company that specializes in Amazon
product page optimization. With our team of 500 experts, we’ll help you
optimize your product listings to perform better on Amazon. Our 29 years of
experience will help you feel confident that we can improve your product’s
performance.

If you want to partner with a company that drives results, look no further
than WebFX. To date, we’ve driven over $10 billion in sales and over 24
million leads for our clients. We focus on driving success for our clients
first.

Want to know what’s it’s like to partner with us? Just ask our clients! Check
out our [1,100+ client testimonials](https://www.webfx.com/about/reviews/) to
see what it’s like to partner with WebFX!

## Optimize your Amazon product listings today

If you’re ready to start generating better results with your Amazon product
pages and your [product life
cycle](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/product-life-cycle/), [contact us
online](https://www.webfx.com/contact/) or call us today at[ **888-601-5359**
](tel:888-601-5359)to speak with a strategist.

We look forward to hearing from you!

#### Table of Contents

  * 1\. Target keywords
  * 2\. Optimize your listing titles
  * 3\. Use quality images
  * 4\. Optimize your product features section
  * 5\. Optimize your product descriptions
  * 6\. Set the right price
  * 7\. Earn reviews
  * WebFX will help you optimize your Amazon product listings
  * Optimize your Amazon product listings today

####  Related Resources

  * [Amazon Backend Keywords](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/learn/amazon-backend-keywords/)
  * [Amazon Infographic: the Anatomy of an Amazon Search Result](https://www.webfx.com/blog/internet/amazon-search-result-infographic/)
  * [Amazon Keyword Tips](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/learn/amazon-keyword-tips/)
  * [Amazon Listing Optimization](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/learn/amazon-listing-optimization/)
  * [Amazon Product Ranking Algorithm](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/learn/amazon-product-ranking-algorithm/)
  * [Amazon Product Title Optimization](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/learn/amazon-product-title-optimization/)
  * [Amazon Sales Rank Charts: What Every Amazon Seller Needs to Know](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/amazon-sales-rank-charts/)
  * [Amazon SEO Audit: a Complete Guide (+ SEO Tips)](https://www.webfx.com/blog/seo/amazon-seo-audit/)
  * [Amazon SEO Tips](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/learn/amazon-seo-tips/)
  * [What is Amazon SEO? (And How to Rank Higher on Amazon with SEO)](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/what-is-amazon-seo/)

####  Related Services

  * [Account Management Agency for Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/agency/account-management/)
  * [Amazon Marketing Pricing](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/pricing/marketing/)
  * [Amazon Pricing](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/pricing/)
  * [Amazon Review Management Services](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/services/review-management/)
  * [Amazon SEO Pricing: How Much Does Amazon SEO Cost in 2025?](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/pricing/seo/)
  * [B2B Marketing Services for Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/services/b2b/)
  * [Brand Registry Consulting Services for Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/services/brand-registry-consulting/)
  * [Consulting Services for Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/services/consulting/)
  * [Ecommerce Marketing Services for Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/services/ecommerce/)
  * [Stores and Marketplace Launch Services for Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/services/stores-and-marketplace-launch/)

####  How We Drive Revenue for Businesses

  * [9+ Best Roofing Marketing Agencies (Backed by Reviews & Results)](https://www.webfx.com/blog/home-services/best-roofing-marketing-agencies/)
  * [AI Marketing Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/ai/)
  * [B2B Digital Marketing Agency](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/agency/b2b/)
  * [Business Consulting Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/business-consulting/)
  * [Channel Partner Marketing Agency](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/agency/channel-partner-marketing/)
  * [Channel Partner Marketing Pricing: How Much Does Channel Partner Marketing Cost?](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/pricing/channel-partner-marketing/)
  * [Conversion Rate Optimization Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/conversion-rate-optimization/)
  * [Cookie Consent Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/cookie-consent/)
  * [Corporate Reputation Management Pricing for 2025](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/pricing/reputation-management/)
  * [Digital Marketing Consulting, Speaking & Training](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/consulting/)

#### Earn a _20%_ greater ROI with WebFX

Get a Proposal __

TO TOP

  * 24,859,684+ LEADS DRIVEN  
FOR CLIENTS

  * $10,085,355,239+ REVENUE DRIVEN  
FOR CLIENTS

  * 3,212,407 HOURS OF  
EXPERTISE

  * 500 EXPERTS  
ON STAFF

#### Discover how we can help your business grow

Send Me a Proposal! ![Arrow Right Icon](https://www.webfx.com/wp-
content/themes/fx/assets/img/footer/arrow-right.png)

  *     *       * ![WebFX Logo](/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/footer/webfx-logo.png) Celebrating 25+ Years of Digital Marketing Excellence

Ready to speak with a marketing expert? Give us a ring

[888-601-5359](tel:8886015359)

  * Services __

    *       * [Digital Marketing Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/services/ "View plans and pricing")
      * [ SEO Services](https://www.webfx.com/seo/services/ "View plans and pricing")
      * [PPC Services](https://www.webfx.com/ppc/services/ "View plans and pricing")
      * [Content Marketing Services](https://www.webfx.com/content-marketing/services/ "View plans and pricing")
      * [Social Media Services](https://www.webfx.com/social-media/services/ "View plans and pricing")
      * [Web Design Services](https://www.webfx.com/web-design/services/ "View plans and pricing")
      * [Digital Advertising Services](https://www.webfx.com/digital-advertising/services/ "View plans and pricing")

  * Knowledgebase __

    *       * [Digital Marketing](https://www.webfx.com/digital-marketing/ "Learn digital marketing with free resources")
      * [ SEO](https://www.webfx.com/seo/ "Learn SEO with free resources")
      * [PPC](https://www.webfx.com/ppc/ "Learn PPC with free resources")
      * [Content Marketing](https://www.webfx.com/content-marketing/ "Learn content marketing with free resources")
      * [Social Media](https://www.webfx.com/social-media/ "Learn social media with free resources")
      * [Web Design](https://www.webfx.com/web-design/ "Learn web design with free resources")
      * [Amazon](https://www.webfx.com/amazon/ "Learn Amazon marketing with free resources")

  * Company __

    *       * [About Us](https://www.webfx.com/about/ "Get to know WebFX")
      * [ Careers](https://www.webfx.com/careers/ "Explore open positions")
      * [Community Impact](https://www.webfx.com/about/charities/ "Explore our community impact")
      * [Contact Us](https://www.webfx.com/contact/ "Learn how to contact us")
      * [Industries We Serve](https://www.webfx.com/industries/ "Browse the markets we serve")
      * [Locations](https://www.webfx.com/locations/ "View our locations")
      * [Phishing Scam Alert](https://www.webfx.com/careers/notice/ "Get informed about an active phishing scam")

  * Tools __

    *       * [Color Picker](https://www.webfx.com/web-design/color-picker/ "Generate color palettes with our free color picker")
      * [ Conversion Rate Calculator](https://www.webfx.com/tools/conversion-rate-calculator/ "Calculate your conversion rate")
      * [Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webfx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet/ "Copy-and-paste emojis instantly")
      * [Lorem Ipsum Generator](https://www.webfx.com/tools/lorem-ipsum-generator/ "Generate lorem ipsum text")
      * [Readability Checker](https://www.webfx.com/tools/read-able/ "Test your content’s readability")
      * [ROAS Calculator](https://www.webfx.com/tools/roas-calculator/ "Calculate your ROAS")
      * [Tools](https://www.webfx.com/tools/ "Explore our marketing tools")

  * Explore __

    *       * [Digital Marketing Trends](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/digital-marketing-trends/ "Explore expected digital marketing trends")
      * [ Generative Engine Optimization](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/generative-engine-optimization/ "Learn how to master GEO for AI search experiences")
      * [HTTP Status Codes](https://www.webfx.com/web-development/glossary/http-status-codes/ "Troubleshoot HTTP status codes with this glossary")
      * [SEO in Digital Marketing](https://www.webfx.com/blog/seo/what-is-seo-in-digital-marketing/ "Learn SEO’s meaning in digital marketing")
      * [SEO vs. SEM](https://www.webfx.com/blog/seo/seo-vs-sem-what-is-the-difference/ "Learn the difference between SEO and SEM")
      * [Return on Ad Spend](https://www.webfx.com/blog/marketing/roas/ "Learn ROAS’s meaning")
      * [Revenue Marketing Playbook](/blog/marketing/revenue-marketing/ "Learn how to use revenue marketing")

![WebFX Logo](/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/footer/webfx-logo.png)
Celebrating 25+ Years of Digital Marketing Excellence

Ready to speak with a marketing expert? Give us a ring

[888-601-5359](tel:8886015359)

##### Proudly brought to you by WebFX

  * [![Logo of SEO.com with the 'SEO' in bold white letters and '.com' in purple.](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/seo-com-logo.png)](https://www.seo.com/)
  * [![TeamAI Stadard](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/TeamAI-Stadard.png)](https://teamai.com/)
  * [![Nutshell logo in white with an orange acorn and grey background](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/nutshell-logo-white-1.png)](https://www.nutshell.com/)

**WebFX® 1995-2025**

  * [Sitemap](/sitemap/)
  * [Privacy & Terms of Use](/privacy-policy/)

  * [![Facebook](/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/footer/facebook.png)](https://www.facebook.com/webfxinc/)
  * [![Twitter](/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/footer/x.png)](https://twitter.com/webfx)
  * [![Linked In](/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/footer/linkedin.png)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/webfxinc/)
  * [![Youtube](/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/footer/youtube.png)](https://www.youtube.com/WebFX)
  * [![Instagram](/wp-content/themes/fx/assets/img/footer/instagram.png)](https://www.instagram.com/webfx)

__Menu

[![ClickCease](https://monitor.clickcease.com)](https://www.clickcease.com)
![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=2663156860520206&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=137013602&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=81117a15-1059-4901-a74c-c03a65258c15&bo=1&sid=9e42ce50414411f09d29b766a608c1ab&vid=9e42c330414411f08d6d4be09b65f890&vids=1&msclkid=N&gtm_tag_source=1&pi=918639831&lg=en-
GB&sw=1512&sh=982&sc=30&nwd=1&tl=7%20Amazon%20Product%20Page%20Optimization%20Tips&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.webfx.com%2Famazon%2Flearn%2Famazon-
product-optimization%2F&r=&lt=2833&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&cdb=AQAQ&rn=283155)

