![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=895183307241035&ev=PageView&noscript=1)
Skip to content

[ ![eDesk Home](https://www.edesk.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/edesk-
logo-2.svg) ](https://www.edesk.com)

__ __

  * Product 

__ Close Product __ Open Product

Our product

Pre-sales support

Help customers by identifying needs and offering solutions.

[24/7 support with AI](/ava-ai-ecommerce-chatbot/)

[Ticket classification](/smart-inbox/)

Streamline support

Resolve queries and issues more efficiently.

[AI Automations](/automate/)

[Multi-channel communication](/centralize/)

[Holistic customer view](/customer-view/)

Build loyalty

Earning trust and foster lasting customer relationships.

[Customer satisfaction](/review/)

[Improved response times](/measure/)

[ ![Promo image - demo](https://www.edesk.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/01/Promo-image-demo.png) Experience eDesk in action Try
our interactive self-serve demo now ](/edesk-interactive-tour/)

  * Integrations 

__ Close Integrations __ Open Integrations

Marketplaces

    * [ Amazon ](/integrations/amazon/)
    * [ eBay ](/integrations/ebay/)
    * [ Walmart ](/integrations/walmart/)
    * [ Mirakl ](/integrations/mirakl/)
    * [ TikTok ](/integrations/tiktok/)

D2C and Retail

    * [ Shopify ](/integrations/shopify/)
    * [ Magento ](/integrations/magento/)
    * [ BigCommerce ](/integrations/bigcommerce/)
    * [ WooCommerce ](/integrations/woocommerce/)
    * [ Prestashop ](/appstore/prestashop/)
    * [ Cdiscount ](/appstore/cdiscount/)

Communication

    * [ Email ](/appstore/?e-filter-5cd5dcf-appstore_category=support-email-comms)
    * [ Live chat ](/appstore/edesk-chat/)
    * [ Talk ](/appstore/edesk-talk/)
    * [ Whatsapp ](/integrations/whatsapp/)
    * [ Facebook ](/integrations/facebook/)
    * [ Instagram ](/appstore/instagram/)

Tracking & shipping

    * [ Aftership ](/appstore/aftership/)
    * [ Shipstation ](/appstore/shipstation/)
    * [ Veeqo ](/appstore/veeqo/)

Management & Automation

    * [ Rithum ](/appstore/rithum/)
    * [ ChannelEngine ](/appstore/channelengine/)
    * [ Linnworks ](/appstore/linnworks/)

[See 300+ no-code integrations →](https://www.edesk.com/appstore)

  * Resources 

__ Close Resources __ Open Resources

Using eDesk

[Product updates](https://updates.edesk.com/)

[Help articles](https://support.edesk.com/)

[API documentation](https://developers.edesk.com/)

Explore

[Customer success stories](/customer-stories/)

[Blog articles and News](/resources/)

[Webinars & Events](/webinars/)

[Affiliate program](/affiliates/)

Get in touch

[Contact support](/contact-support/)

[Contact sales](/contact-sales/)

[ ![Promo image - customer](https://www.edesk.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/01/Promo-image-customer-1.webp) Discover how eDesk
transforms customer support Read our customer stories ](/customer-stories/)

  * [ Pricing  ](/pricing/)

[ Login ](https://dashboard.edesk.com/login/)

[ Book a demo ](/book-a-demo/)

[ Start for free ](https://dashboard.edesk.com/register/edesk/new)

[ ![eDesk Home](https://www.edesk.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/edesk-
logo-2.svg) ](https://www.edesk.com)

Product

____

Pre-sales support

[24/7 support with AI](/ava-ai-ecommerce-chatbot/)

[Ticket classification](/smart-inbox/)

Streamline support

[AI Automations](/automate/)

[Multi-channel communication](/centralize/)

[Holistic customer view](/customer-view/)

Build loyalty

[Customer satisfaction](/review/)

[Improved response times](/measure/)

Integrations

____

  * [ Amazon ](/integrations/amazon/)
  * [ eBay ](/integrations/ebay/)
  * [ Walmart ](/integrations/walmart/)
  * [ Mirakl ](/integrations/mirakl/)
  * [ TikTok ](/integrations/tiktok/)

  * [ Shopify ](/integrations/shopify/)
  * [ Magento ](/integrations/magento/)
  * [ BigCommerce ](/integrations/bigcommerce/)
  * [ WooCommerce ](/integrations/woocommerce/)
  * [ Prestashop ](/appstore/prestashop/)
  * [ Cdiscount ](/appstore/cdiscount/)

  * [ Email ](/appstore/?e-filter-5cd5dcf-appstore_category=support-email-comms)
  * [ Live chat ](/appstore/edesk-chat/)
  * [ Talk ](/appstore/edesk-talk/)
  * [ Whatsapp ](/integrations/whatsapp/)
  * [ Facebook ](/integrations/facebook/)
  * [ Instagram ](/appstore/instagram/)

  * [ Aftership ](/appstore/aftership/)
  * [ Shipstation ](/appstore/shipstation/)
  * [ Veeqo ](/appstore/veeqo/)

  * [ Rithum ](/appstore/rithum/)
  * [ ChannelEngine ](/appstore/channelengine/)
  * [ Linnworks ](/appstore/linnworks/)

[See 300+ no-code integrations →](https://www.edesk.com/app-store/)

Resources

____

Using eDesk

[Help articles](https://support.edesk.com/)

[API documentation](https://developers.edesk.com/)

[CX scorecard](/ecommerce-customer-support-scorecard/)

Explore

[Customer success stories](/customer-stories/)

[Blog articles and News](/resources/)

[Product updates](https://updates.edesk.com/)

[Webinars and events](/webinars/)

[Affiliate program](/affiliates/)

Get in touch

[Contact support](/contact-support/)

[Contact sales](/contact-sales/)

[Pricing](/pricing/)

[ Start for free ](https://dashboard.edesk.com/register/edesk/new)

[ Book a demo ](/book-a-demo/)

[ ![eDesk Home](https://www.edesk.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/edesk-
logo-2.svg) ](https://www.edesk.com)

[ ![eDesk Home](https://www.edesk.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/edesk-
logo-2.svg) ](https://www.edesk.com)

Product

____

Pre-sales support

[24/7 support with AI](/ava-ai-ecommerce-chatbot/)

[Ticket classification](/smart-inbox/)

Streamline support

[AI Automations](/automate/)

[Multi-channel communication](/centralize/)

[Holistic customer view](/customer-view/)

Build loyalty

[Customer satisfaction](/review/)

[Improved response times](/measure/)

Integrations

____

  * [ Amazon ](/integrations/amazon/)
  * [ eBay ](/integrations/ebay/)
  * [ Walmart ](/integrations/walmart/)
  * [ Mirakl ](/integrations/mirakl/)
  * [ TikTok ](/integrations/tiktok/)

  * [ Shopify ](/integrations/shopify/)
  * [ Magento ](/integrations/magento/)
  * [ BigCommerce ](/integrations/bigcommerce/)
  * [ WooCommerce ](/integrations/woocommerce/)
  * [ Prestashop ](/appstore/prestashop/)
  * [ Cdiscount ](/appstore/cdiscount/)

  * [ Email ](/appstore/?e-filter-5cd5dcf-appstore_category=support-email-comms)
  * [ Live chat ](/appstore/edesk-chat/)
  * [ Talk ](/appstore/edesk-talk/)
  * [ Whatsapp ](/integrations/whatsapp/)
  * [ Facebook ](/integrations/facebook/)
  * [ Instagram ](/appstore/instagram/)

  * [ Aftership ](/appstore/aftership/)
  * [ Shipstation ](/appstore/shipstation/)
  * [ Veeqo ](/appstore/veeqo/)

  * [ Rithum ](/appstore/rithum/)
  * [ ChannelEngine ](/appstore/channelengine/)
  * [ Linnworks ](/appstore/linnworks/)

[See 300+ no-code integrations →](https://www.edesk.com/app-store/)

Resources

____

Using eDesk

[Help articles](https://support.edesk.com/)

[API documentation](https://developers.edesk.com/)

[CX scorecard](/ecommerce-customer-support-scorecard/)

Explore

[Customer success stories](/customer-stories/)

[Blog articles and News](/resources/)

[Product updates](https://updates.edesk.com/)

[Webinars and events](/webinars/)

[Affiliate program](/affiliates/)

Get in touch

[Contact support](/contact-support/)

[Contact sales](/contact-sales/)

[Pricing](/pricing/)

[ Start for free ](https://dashboard.edesk.com/register/edesk/new)

[ Book a demo ](/book-a-demo/)

[ ![eDesk Home](https://www.edesk.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/edesk-
logo-2.svg) ](https://www.edesk.com)

  * [ eCommerce Support Central  ](/resources)
  * __ [Marketplace](https://www.edesk.com/blog/tag/marketplace/)

Contents

  * __1\. List new items every day

  *  __2\. Try a promoted listings campaign to increase eBay sales

  *  __3\. Use keywords to increase sales

  *  __4\. Fast, free shipping (whenever possible)

  * __5\. Remove negative eCommerce buyer reviews

  *  __6\. Get eBay Top Rated Seller status to boost your eBay sales

  *  __7\. Offer a generous return policy

  *  __8\. Boost your listing on social media to increase sales on eBay

  *  __9\. Use the markdown manager tool to run sales on eBay

  *  __10\. Refresh your eBay store using ‘bulk edit’

  *  __11\. Optimize promotion with email marketing

  *  __12\. Sell at the right price

  *  __13\. Achieve Top Rated Seller status – and maintain it

  *  __14\. Include enough high-quality images per product

  *  __15\. Provide excellent customer service to get more positive reviews

  *  __16\. Write clear descriptions to optimize listings and help the algorithm

  *  __Conclusion: Implementing these strategies consistently is key to eBay success

# 16 Proven Ways to Increase eBay Sales in 2025

Last updated: May 12, 2025

  * Published: January 31, 2022

  * __ 11 mins 

[![How to Increase eBay Sales in 2024 \(16 Essential eBay Store
Hacks\)](https://www.edesk.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/eDesk-Blog-
CTA-16Tips.png)](https://www.edesk.com/lp/sell-on-ebay-fast/)

There aren’t many [online marketplaces in the world
](https://www.edesk.com/blog/biggest-online-marketplaces-in-the-world/)that
can claim to reach almost [175 million active buyers
worldwide](https://www.statista.com/statistics/242235/number-of-ebays-total-
active-users/) – but that’s how many shoppers eBay saw in just the first
quarter of 2023. Now, in 2025, reaching even a fraction of this number with
your eBay listing would be considered a huge success.

Setting up a store is fairly simple, but if you want to [sell
](https://www.edesk.com/blog/grow-your-ecommerce-business/)more on eBay you’ll
need to focus on the details. To increase eBay sales, understanding what
pushes some stores to the top is key – and, plot spoiler, much of it has to do
with the way eBay’s search engine works and mastering[ eBay SEO
optimization](https://www.edesk.com/blog/unlock-the-hidden-potential-of-your-
ebay-listing-with-these-3-tips/).

This is because eBay’s search engine helps customers find the items that are
most relevant to their search. So, just like Google’s search algorithm, the
precise formula is kept a closely guarded secret, to prevent manipulation.
That being said, there are a few tried-and-tested techniques that are known to
impact ratings and drive conversion.

So, what are you waiting for? Follow these eBay selling strategies 2025 to
push your store to the top of the search results and increase eBay sales.

Or, if you prefer, you can watch the video version.

﻿

## **1\. List new items every day**

Stores that are active and offer new products on an ongoing basis are
rewarded. The algorithm favors sellers that list new products often, so
keeping your listings fresh will help you to increase your sales on eBay.
Additionally, new items show up at the top of the “Time: Newly Listed” option
on eBay’s search, helping to boost eBay listing visibility.

If you can’t list every day, don’t worry – just use the scheduling feature and
schedule items for those days you know you won’t have time.

There’s also another workaround if you can’t add new products to list every
day — end some current listings that you’ve prepared ahead of time and release
them later on. You can tweak them slightly so that they are not exactly the
same as the previous one — simply change a word in the title or edit the
description slightly. The priority is to have as much new content as you can,
as often as you can.

An RSS feed (Really Simple Syndication, or Rich Site Summary) also comes in
handy here.

eBay instantly sends information about the site’s listings to Google using
RSS, but a cheeky way to push your products higher in search results is to
refresh your feed by turning it off and then on again.

To avoid using duplicate listings by accident, make sure you remember to go to
your ended items and delete the original ones.

## **2\. Try a promoted listings campaign to increase eBay sales**

[eBay Promoted Listings](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ebay-promoted-listings/)
are a quick and easy route to increased sales. With fantastic targeting
options to display your listings to relevant shoppers, promoted listings
receive [36% more views ](https://www.ebay.com/sellercenter/growth/ebay-
advertising)than organic listings.

The costs of promoted listings on eBay are appealing to sellers as well.
Rather than an upfront pay-per-click model, promoted listings involve giving
eBay a percentage of the resulting sale. This is great for minimizing risk and
experimenting with it as a new [marketing
tactic.](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ecommerce-marketing/) Be careful though,
the amount you’ll be paying to eBay depends on the category of the item you’ve
sold.

For advanced sellers,[eBay Promoted Listings
Advanced](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ebay-promoted-listings/) offers even more
control over your advertising campaigns, allowing for targeted bidding
strategies and detailed performance analytics to maximize your return on
investment.

Related article:[ 5 Ways eBay Promoted Listings Will Boost Your
Sales](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ebay-promoted-listings/).

## **3\. Use keywords to increase sales**

Consumers generally search for very specific items on eBay. Ask yourself which
words people are likely to type into a search engine when looking for what
you’re selling. Also, make sure you do some research, to see the common
searches relating to your products.

Once you have three to five keywords, it’s important to use them in your store
description, custom categories, page titles, meta tags, image alt tags, etc.
But… avoid keyword spamming (using words or details that have nothing to do
with your items); it violates eBay’s policy.

Effective eBay SEO optimization requires understanding both the platform’s
algorithm and buyer behavior. Research trending terms in your niche and
incorporate them naturally throughout your listings to improve
discoverability.

## **4\. Fast, free shipping (whenever possible)**

Offering [free shipping](https://www.edesk.com/blog/offer-free-shipping-
returns/) is another great way to increase eBay sales — but make sure you only
offer it once you’ve checked the cost.

Have a look at the options available at your country’s postal service.
Usually, small and light items can get sent for a fixed price which expedites
eCommerce shipping. By adding that to the price, you can cover the shipping
expense without the need to add shipping fees.

Customers like to see that the things they’ve bought are on their way as soon
as possible, so have a system in place that ensures a speedy delivery. For
example, you can save time every day or week to send your products. Check out
[eBay’s options](https://www.ebay.com/sellercenter/shipping/choosing-a-
carrier-and-service) to see what’s available through the platform.

For cross border trade eBay offers, consider exploring eBay’s Global Shipping
Program, which simplifies international shipping by handling customs and
import duties, making it easier to reach buyers worldwide.

Related article[: Are You Spending More Than You Should On
Logistics?](https://www.edesk.com/blog/are-you-spending-more-than-you-should-
on-logistics/)

## **5\. Remove negative eCommerce buyer reviews**

There’s more to building a positive rating than getting loads of five-star
reviews …you have to minimize the negative ones as well.

Like the previous points, quick and effective customer service goes a long
way. There will be occasions, however, when you’ll be left a negative review —
it’s just part of online retail. Perhaps the wrong order was sent, maybe the
item broke in the post, or the customer could even have left the review on the
wrong product accidentally.

If you’ve been left a bad review — don’t panic. You can [remove negative
feedback on eBay ](https://www.edesk.com/blog/remove-negative-feedback-on-
ebay/)in some cases, or fix the situation to encourage the customer to take it
down themselves.

If you can reduce your negative feedback, you’ll be surprised how much it
increases eBay sales. The [eBay feedback](https://www.edesk.com/blog/more-
ebay-feedback/) importance cannot be overstated – it directly affects your
visibility in search results and buyer trust.

![Remove negative feedback eBay](/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/Request-Feedback-
Revision.jpg) _You won’t always be successful when trying to remove negative
feedback on eBay, but it’s worth putting in the time to try_.
[[Source](https://www.edesk.com/blog/remove-negative-feedback-on-ebay/)]

**Related** : [How to Remove Negative Feedback on
eBay](https://www.edesk.com/blog/remove-negative-feedback-on-ebay/)

## **6\. Get eBay Top Rated Seller status to boost your eBay sales**

If you’re a seller who provides excellent customer service and fast shipping
consistently, you could be eligible to become an[ eBay Top Rated
Seller](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ebay-top-rated-seller/). If you don’t meet
the criteria then this is definitely something to aim for as it really helps
to increase your eBay sales.

[eBay Top Rated Sellers](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ebay-top-rated-seller/)
are entitled to several great benefits including greater visibility for your
listings, $30 credit towards your promoted listings every quarter, and
shipping discounts when you use eBay labels. Understanding these eBay seller
levels benefits is crucial to maximizing your platform potential.

Top-rated sellers in the US that offer a return policy of 30 days or more can
take advantage of a range of additional benefits. These include:

  * Shipping label credits when a buyer returns an item, falsely claiming that its listing was not accurately described
  * Refund deductions of up to 50% for used or damaged items returned by the customer
  * eBay will even remove negative or neutral feedback related to the two scenarios outlined above

Related:[ eBay Top Rated Seller Status: How to Get it and Keep
it](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ebay-top-rated-seller/).

## **7\. Offer a generous return policy**

A strict [return policy](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ecommerce-return-policy/)
is a pretty big turnoff when you’re considering making a purchase. If you buy
a sweater and you aren’t sure about the size, the risk you take to buy is big.
If it doesn’t fit, you might end up losing your money.

eBay offers a [Money Back Guarantee](https://www.ebay.com/help/policies/ebay-
money-back-guarantee-policy/ebay-money-back-guarantee-policy?id=4210) for
those items that don’t arrive, are faulty or damaged, or don’t match the
listing. However, outside of those circumstances, you as the seller can choose
whether to offer returns or not.

![Return policy for eBay](/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Money-back-
guarentee-1024x573.jpg)eBay’s search engine favors listings with a return
policy above 30 days.

While dealing with [returns](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ecommerce-return-
policy/) can be painful as a seller, it’s also a necessary evil: eBay will
boost listings that offer a return policy of 30 days or more. And it penalizes
those that offer a return policy of fewer than 30 days (or no return policy at
all).

Being generous makes business sense – increasing the return policy to
something like 60 days is not likely to affect the number of returns but it’ll
boost your sales.

## **8\. Boost your listing on social media to increase sales on eBay**

Selling Scandinavian chairs? Video games from the ’80s? Icelandic poetry
books? There’s probably a Facebook group for that.

Outside of eBay, there are plenty of large groups interested in specific
items, not just on Facebook or [Instagram](https://www.edesk.com/blog/selling-
on-instagram/) but also on Twitter or Pinterest. Use those already-formed
communities of interested potential customers to your advantage.

Spending a little time on each platform to announce the items you have on sale
will be worth it: you’ll have quality views on your listening and will
increase the chance of making a sale.

![eBay on Pintrest](/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/eBay-on-Pintrest-1024x553.jpg)

_ eBay’s page on Pinterest. Using social media to promote your listing is a
great way to reach new potential buyers._

**Related** : [Selling on Instagram: A Channel with Massive
Potential](https://www.edesk.com/blog/selling-on-instagram/)

## **9\. Use the markdown manager tool to run sales on eBay**

Potential customers love bargains and the eBay algorithm knows that. Use the
markdown manager so you can run easily sales.

Running a discount every so often helps to increase your eBay sales and
creates a lot of happy customers. This is useful for increasing positive
ratings and maximizing positive reviews. As mentioned previously, these are
essential ingredients to your listings’ performance and will go a long way to
increasing your sales on eBay.

## **10\. Refresh your eBay store using ‘bulk edit’**

If your store has thousands of products, you’ll probably be familiar with
eBay’s bulk editing tool, which saves you time by editing multiple items at
once. What perhaps you didn’t know is that you can also use this tool to boost
your listing.

All you have to do is edit your items in batches instead of editing them all
at once. No need to do anything else.

This is technically considered a refresh that will trigger something in the
eBay algorithm that knows when there’s been a change. In turn, it’ll help
boost your listing. Boosting your listing will in turn help you to increase
eBay sales.

![eBay bulk edit](/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Bulk-edit-eBay-1024x424.jpg)

_eBay’s bulk edit tool saves you time by letting you edit multiple items at
once._  [[Source](https://community.ebay.com/t5/Archive-Replacing-Active-
Content/Bulk-editing-of-HTML-links-which-are-now-Disabled-by-
Photobucket/td-p/27164965/page/2)]

## **11\. Optimize promotion with email marketing**

eBay offers a suite of email marketing features that can help keep customers
interested in your store and product offerings long after their first
purchase.

Buyers can subscribe to receive updates by adding you to their Saved Sellers
list or by signing up via the link on your store’s homepage. Using eBay’s
email design tools, you can create regular newsletters that promote your
latest listings. To attract more subscribers, you can add a sign-up box to
your store.

Once you have a decent-sized email list, you can run email marketing campaigns
to increase eBay sales by bringing people back to your listings. Send them
reminders, special offers, cross-sell or up-sell opportunities and more.

To attract more subscribers, you can add a sign-up box to your store and
[write email CTAs](https://www.hubspot.com/products/marketing/ai-email-
writer?__hstc=81039432.b43f3e794c14cbdd0b9dbca5043289de.1749042378047.1749042378047.1749042378047.1&__hssc=81039432.1.1749042378047&__hsfp=2320600344)
to get more website visitors.lol

## **12\. Sell at the right price**

The fact that price is a crucial factor to seal a deal probably comes as no
surprise.

If you had to choose between two similar products you’d likely opt for the
cheaper one, right? That’s especially true if you’re selling a popular
product, where competition is high.

You have to take several factors into account when setting your price,
however. Firstly, and most importantly, you need to protect your margins.
There’s no point in selling thousands of products if you’re making minimal
profit on them.

Secondly, you need to make sure your prices on eBay are in line with your
prices on other marketplaces you’re selling on. If you also sell on
[](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/amazon/)[Amazon](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/amazon/)
and your prices on eBay are cheaper, you risk your Amazon listings being
suspended.

Related:[ How to Master Multichannel Pricing on Amazon and
eBay](https://www.repricer.com/blog/multichannel-pricing-amazon-
ebay/?__hstc=81039432.b43f3e794c14cbdd0b9dbca5043289de.1749042378047.1749042378047.1749042378047.1&__hssc=81039432.1.1749042378047&__hsfp=2320600344)

## **13\. Achieve Top Rated Seller status – and maintain it**

Would you go and eat at a restaurant if you knew it had one star on
TripAdvisor? You probably wouldn’t take the risk. It’s the same thing on eBay
– reviews matter, a lot. [Only 53% of consumers
](https://www.brightlocal.com/research/local-consumer-review-survey/)buy from
a business with a rating under four stars.

While the exact formula of what goes into eBay’s search algorithm to show some
sellers on top isn’t public, we know that ratings are a deciding factor.
Additionally, eBay rewards sellers that maintain consistently good ratings.
That’s why your feedback score will impact your rankings.

[Getting eBay stars](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ebay-star-ratings/) and
achieving tons of positive reviews doesn’t happen overnight, though. As
mentioned previously, you need to provide excellent customer service
consistently. If you’re selling at scale on eBay, you really need an[
eCommerce helpdesk](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/ebay/) to help you
solve questions quickly and accurately.

There’s some great[ eBay software](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/ebay/)
out there that directly helps you to increase your positive feedback. With
targeted feedback software, you can selectively target customers to ask them
to leave a positive review. When you do this on an automated basis, at scale,
you’ll significantly increase your positive ratings. Naturally, this helps you
to increase your eBay sales in a big way.

![Sell more on eBay with better ratings!](/wp-
content/uploads/2020/05/Maintain-great-seller-ratings-on-eBay-1024x574.jpg)  
_eBay’s algorithm rewards sellers that receive consistently good ratings._

Related:[ eBay Stars: What They Mean and How to Get
Them](https://www.edesk.com/blog/more-ebay-feedback/) _  
_

## **14\. Include enough high-quality images per product**

As a buyer, you want to have a clear idea of what you’re buying before you
decide to spend your money, right? Grab your camera and take photos from
different angles, including close-ups so that it’s easy to see each item in
detail.

eBay allows you to upload 12 pictures for free – even if you think your
listing doesn’t need that many, make it a point to upload as many photos as
you can.

![Product images on eBay](/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/High-Quality-eBay-
Images-1024x574.jpg)

_This eBay seller has provided plenty of images showing the product in
detail._

On eBay, each great image is worth a thousand words. Excellent images will not
only help your customer see your product looking great,
[](https://www.edesk.com/feedback/)[but it will reduce negative reviews from
confused customers](https://www.edesk.com/feedback/).

Great images help you to increase eBay sales and maintain a positive
reputation. Plus, in case of a complaint, you’ll be able to show that you were
transparent about the item’s appearance. It’s a win-win.

## **15\. Provide excellent customer service to get more positive reviews**

Americans tell an average of 15 people about a poor service experience, versus
the 11 people they’ll tell about a good experience, according to the American
Express Customer Service Barometer. It might be tempting for online sellers to
ignore customer service and focus on[ eCommerce marketing
](https://www.edesk.com/blog/ecommerce-marketing/)instead, but customer
service actually goes a long way to increasing your sales on eBay.

With so many competitors on eBay, one of your differentiating factors is how
well you treat your customers. That’s why offering exceptional[ eCommerce
customer service](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/ebay/) is so important.
Responding to questions fast, addressing problems quickly, and having a polite
attitude will help you sell more.

Keep a positive attitude not only when you receive good reviews but also when
a customer is unhappy. Make it easy for customers to contact you and respond
quickly when they do. Strike to provide a solution as fast as possible and
acknowledge when you’ve made a mistake.

If you have multiple stores and social channels it can be difficult to keep
track and manage all queries. An eCommerce helpdesk like[
eDesk](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/ebay/) centralizes all your customer
communications from every channel you sell on. This makes it easy for your
customer support agents to keep on top of messages and resolve issues quickly.

Related:[ eBay Stars: What They Mean and How to Get
Them](https://www.edesk.com/blog/more-ebay-feedback/)

## **16\. Write clear descriptions to optimize listings and help the
algorithm**

Just like images, using powerful descriptions helps your potential customers
have a better idea of what it is that you’re offering and its condition.

Descriptions need to be accurate, clear, and easy to read. Don’t write wordy
descriptions that contain irrelevant information. Keep it short and sweet.

Lastly, know that a lot of customers will judge your professionalism by how
you write. Make sure your listening is free of grammatical or spelling errors
by using a proofreading editor. Sloppy descriptions can negatively affect your
reputation and certainly won’t help you sell more on eBay.

Having a well-written description improves your conversion rates and helps
eBay to rank your products in relevant searches. Mastering [eBay listing
optimization](https://www.edesk.com/blog/unlock-the-hidden-potential-of-your-
ebay-listing-with-these-3-tips/) is essential for any seller looking to
increase their visibility and sales.

## **Conclusion: Implementing these strategies consistently is key to eBay
success**

Increasing your eBay sales in 2025 requires a strategic approach that combines
understanding the platform’s algorithm, optimizing your listings, and
providing excellent customer service. By consistently implementing these 16
proven tactics, you’ll improve your visibility, attract more potential buyers,
and convert them into satisfied customers.

Remember that eBay’s marketplace is constantly evolving, so staying updated
with the latest features and seller tools is essential. For cross border trade
eBay offers specialized programs that can help you reach international markets
more effectively.

Whether you’re just starting out or looking to scale your existing eBay
business, these strategies will help you navigate the competitive landscape
and achieve sustainable growth in 2025 and beyond.

Need help managing your eBay customer communications and feedback?[ Explore
how eDesk’s eBay integration](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/ebay/) can
streamline your operations and help you maintain that crucial Top Rated Seller
status.

[![eDesk free demo](/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/edesk-blog-cta-see-in-
action.png)](https://dashboard.edesk.com/register/edesk/new)

#### Author:

![Picture of Cillian Bracken-Conway](https://www.edesk.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/Cillian-110x110.jpeg)

######  Cillian Bracken-Conway

Cillian is a master of the digital arts, he turns data into gold and
strategies into success stories.

## Streamline your support across all your sales channels

[ Try it FREE ](https://dashboard.edesk.com/register/edesk/new)

![eDesk](https://www.edesk.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-dark-1.svg)

The All-in-One Help Desk for eCommerce

###### Discover our other products

[ ![Repricer.com](https://www.edesk.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/RepricerLogo_WhiteAsset-1.png)
](https://www.repricer.com/?__hstc=81039432.b43f3e794c14cbdd0b9dbca5043289de.1749042378047.1749042378047.1749042378047.1&__hssc=81039432.1.1749042378047&__hsfp=2320600344)

[ ![feedbackExpress.com](https://www.edesk.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/feedbackexpress-logo-design.png)
](https://www.feedbackexpress.com/?__hstc=81039432.b43f3e794c14cbdd0b9dbca5043289de.1749042378047.1749042378047.1749042378047.1&__hssc=81039432.1.1749042378047&__hsfp=2320600344)

###### Compare

  * [Zendesk](https://www.edesk.com/compare/zendesk/)
  * [Freshdesk](https://www.edesk.com/compare/freshdesk/)
  * [Dixa](https://www.edesk.com/compare/dixa/)
  * [ChannelReply](https://www.edesk.com/compare/edesk-v-channelreply/)
  * [Front](https://www.edesk.com/compare/front/)

  * [Zendesk](https://www.edesk.com/compare/zendesk/)
  * [Freshdesk](https://www.edesk.com/compare/freshdesk/)
  * [Dixa](https://www.edesk.com/compare/dixa/)
  * [ChannelReply](https://www.edesk.com/compare/edesk-v-channelreply/)
  * [Front](https://www.edesk.com/compare/front/)

###### Alternatives

  * [Gorgias vs Zendesk](https://www.edesk.com/blog/gorgias-vs-zendesk/)
  * [Zendesk vs Freshdesk](https://www.edesk.com/blog/zendesk-vs-freshdesk/)
  * [Zendesk Alternatives](https://www.edesk.com/blog/zendesk-alternatives/)
  * [Freshdesk Alternatives](https://www.edesk.com/blog/freshdesk-alternatives/)
  * [Gorgias Alternatives](https://www.edesk.com/blog/gorgias-alternatives/)

  * [Gorgias vs Zendesk](https://www.edesk.com/blog/gorgias-vs-zendesk/)
  * [Zendesk vs Freshdesk](https://www.edesk.com/blog/zendesk-vs-freshdesk/)
  * [Zendesk Alternatives](https://www.edesk.com/blog/zendesk-alternatives/)
  * [Freshdesk Alternatives](https://www.edesk.com/blog/freshdesk-alternatives/)
  * [Gorgias Alternatives](https://www.edesk.com/blog/gorgias-alternatives/)

###### Features

  * [Chatbot](https://www.edesk.com/ava-ai-ecommerce-chatbot/)
  * [eDesk AI](https://www.edesk.com/ai/)
  * [Smart Inbox](https://www.edesk.com/smart-inbox/)
  * [Customer View](/customer-view/)
  * [Live Chat](https://www.edesk.com/chat/)
  * [Talk](https://www.edesk.com/talk/)
  * [Insights](https://www.edesk.com/insights/)
  * [Feedback & Reviews](https://www.edesk.com/feedback/)
  * [Knowledge Base](https://www.edesk.com/knowledge-base/)

  * [Chatbot](https://www.edesk.com/ava-ai-ecommerce-chatbot/)
  * [eDesk AI](https://www.edesk.com/ai/)
  * [Smart Inbox](https://www.edesk.com/smart-inbox/)
  * [Customer View](/customer-view/)
  * [Live Chat](https://www.edesk.com/chat/)
  * [Talk](https://www.edesk.com/talk/)
  * [Insights](https://www.edesk.com/insights/)
  * [Feedback & Reviews](https://www.edesk.com/feedback/)
  * [Knowledge Base](https://www.edesk.com/knowledge-base/)

###### Integrations

  * [Shopify](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/shopify/)
  * [BigCommerce](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/bigcommerce/)
  * [Magento/Adobe Commerce](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/magento/)
  * [WooCommerce](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/woocommerce/)
  * [Amazon](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/amazon/)
  * [eBay](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/ebay/)
  * [Walmart](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/walmart/)
  * [Mirakl](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/mirakl/)
  * [All 200+ Integrations](/appstore/)

  * [Shopify](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/shopify/)
  * [BigCommerce](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/bigcommerce/)
  * [Magento/Adobe Commerce](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/magento/)
  * [WooCommerce](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/woocommerce/)
  * [Amazon](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/amazon/)
  * [eBay](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/ebay/)
  * [Walmart](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/walmart/)
  * [Mirakl](https://www.edesk.com/integrations/mirakl/)
  * [All 200+ Integrations](/appstore/)

###### Resources

  * [Help Center](https://support.edesk.com)
  * [Webinars](https://www.edesk.com/webinars/)
  * [Blog](https://www.edesk.com/resources/)
  * [Partners](/partners/)
  * [Become a Partner](https://www.edesk.com/become-a-partner/)
  * [Product updates](https://updates.edesk.com/)
  * [API Documentation](https://developers.edesk.com/)
  * [Affiliates](https://www.edesk.com/affiliates/)

  * [Help Center](https://support.edesk.com)
  * [Webinars](https://www.edesk.com/webinars/)
  * [Blog](https://www.edesk.com/resources/)
  * [Partners](/partners/)
  * [Become a Partner](https://www.edesk.com/become-a-partner/)
  * [Product updates](https://updates.edesk.com/)
  * [API Documentation](https://developers.edesk.com/)
  * [Affiliates](https://www.edesk.com/affiliates/)

###### Guides

  * [Shopify customer support](https://www.edesk.com/10-ways-provide-exceptional-shopify-customer-support/)
  * [eCommerce customer support](https://www.edesk.com/ecommerce-customer-service/)
  * [Amazon customer support](https://www.edesk.com/amazon-seller-customer-support/)
  * [Walmart customer support](https://www.edesk.com/walmart-seller-customer-support/)

  * [Shopify customer support](https://www.edesk.com/10-ways-provide-exceptional-shopify-customer-support/)
  * [eCommerce customer support](https://www.edesk.com/ecommerce-customer-service/)
  * [Amazon customer support](https://www.edesk.com/amazon-seller-customer-support/)
  * [Walmart customer support](https://www.edesk.com/walmart-seller-customer-support/)

###### Company

  * [About Us](https://www.edesk.com/about-us/)
  * [Contact](https://www.edesk.com/contact/)
  * [Careers](https://www.edesk.com/careers/)

  * [About Us](https://www.edesk.com/about-us/)
  * [Contact](https://www.edesk.com/contact/)
  * [Careers](https://www.edesk.com/careers/)

###### Follow along with us

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/edeskhelpdesk) [ Twitter
__](https://twitter.com/edesk) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUmMfrZ__PVsqksygGXvvQw) [ Linkedin
__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/edeskdotcom) [ Instagram
__](https://www.instagram.com/edeskhelpdesk/)

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/edeskhelpdesk) [ Twitter
__](https://twitter.com/edesk) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUmMfrZ__PVsqksygGXvvQw) [ Linkedin
__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/edeskdotcom) [ Instagram
__](https://www.instagram.com/edeskhelpdesk/)

Choose your language

  * [ Français](https://www.edesk.com/fr/blog/augmenter-les-ventes-sur-ebay/)
  * [ Deutsch](https://www.edesk.com/de/blog/umsatzsteigerung-ebay/)
  * [ Italiano](https://www.edesk.com/it/blog/aumentare-le-vendite-su-ebay/)
  * [ Español](https://www.edesk.com/es/blog/aumentar-ventas-ebay/)

© eDesk 2022, All rights reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/)

[Website Terms](/terms/)

+1 917 6882333

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=895183307241035&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=22019337&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=13f2aff5-eac7-4b77-9ec5-a6bfb65148cb&bo=1&sid=b2ae5950414411f09a24a37c972c892a&vid=b2ae5eb0414411f0aee793fd8fb479a7&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
GB&sw=1512&sh=982&sc=30&nwd=1&tl=How%20to%20Increase%20eBay%20Sales%20in%202025%20\(16%20Tips\)%20-%20eDesk&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.edesk.com%2Fblog%2Fincrease-
sales-ebay%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&cdb=AQcT&rn=778299)

