By continuing to use this site you agree to our [Cookie
Policy](https://www.mayple.com/privacy-policy#Cookies-and-Other-Tracking-
Technologies)

[ Got it ](javascript:void\(0\);)

[![Mayple logo](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/logo.svg)](https://www.mayple.com/)

[Platform](https://www.mayple.com/platform-overview)

Mayple platform

[![platform overview icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/platform_overview.svg)Platform OverviewHow
Mayple works](https://www.mayple.com/platform-overview)[![data based vetting
icon](https://entail-assets.com/client/images/mayple/data_vetting.svg)Data-
Based VettingHow we vet our experts](https://www.mayple.com/data-based-
vetting)[![platform overview icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/handshake.svg)AI-Powered MatchingHow we match
brands with experts](https://www.mayple.com/ai-powered-matching)

[![Monitoring System icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/monitor_system.svg)Monitoring SystemTotally
Unbiased Monitoring](https://www.mayple.com/unbiased-monitoring)[![Marketing
Recommendations icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/dedicated_success.svg)Marketing
RecommendationsHow we help with strategy](https://www.mayple.com/dedicated-
success)[![FAQs icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/question_mark.svg)FAQsAnswers to all your
questions](https://www.mayple.com/frequently-asked-questions)

Mayple vs. Your Alternatives

[![Mayple vs Agencies icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/agencies.svg)Mayple vs AgenciesHow Mayple
works](https://www.mayple.com/mayple-vs-agencies)[![Mayple vs In-House
icon](https://entail-assets.com/client/images/mayple/in_house.svg)Mayple vs
In-HouseHow Mayple works](https://www.mayple.com/mayple-vs-in-house)[![Mayple
vs Freelance Marketplaces icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/multiple.svg)Mayple vs Freelance
MarketplacesHow Mayple works](https://www.mayple.com/mayple-vs-freelance)

Watch Our Demo

Everything you need to know about our platform in 2 minutes

[About Us](https://www.mayple.com/about)

Who we are

[![About Us icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/info.svg)About UsWhat Mayple is all
about](https://www.mayple.com/about)[![Our mission icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/flag.svg)Our missionMarketing you can
trust](https://www.mayple.com/our-mission)[![Career icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/briefcase.svg)CareerWe're looking for talents
like you](https://www.mayple.com/career)[![Case Studies icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/monitor_system.svg)Case StudiesExplore Mayple
case studies](https://www.mayple.com/#)

Watch Why Mayple

This is why we're the only marketing partner you'll ever need

Contact us

[![facebook logo](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/facebook.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/Mayplers/)[![twitter
logo](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/i/flow/login?redirect_after_login=%2Fmayple_com)[![youtube
logo](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYpcD5ao9V-x-
oH89GghJww)[![linkedin logo](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/linkedin.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/18124335)

15 West 38 Street MB#532  
New York, NY, US 10018 [+1 929-203-6341](tel:+19292036341)  
Sharon st. 4, Giv'atayim, Israel

[Pricing](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/paid-media-packages)

[![Pricing icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/dollar.svg)PricingCheck out our
packages](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/paid-media-packages)[![Conversion
Rate Optimization icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/optimization.svg)Conversion Rate
OptimizationAudits and ongoing
testing](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/cro)[![Social Media Management
icon](https://entail-assets.com/client/images/mayple/social.svg)Social Media
ManagementSocial Media Management](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/social-
media-packages)

[![Paid Advertising icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/ppc.svg)Paid AdvertisingPaid social, paid
search and more](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/paid-media-package)[![SEO
icon](https://entail-assets.com/client/images/mayple/search.svg)SEOAudits and
ongoing management](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/seo)[![Influencer Marketing
icon](https://entail-assets.com/client/images/mayple/customers.svg)Influencer
MarketingInfluencer discovery &amp; campaign
management](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/influencer-marketing)

[![Email Marketing icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/email.svg)Email MarketingFlows, campaigns,
automations](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/email-marketing-
packages)[![Marketing Strategy icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/roas.svg)Marketing StrategyComprehensive
marketing strategy](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/marketing-strategy)

Top Experts

PAID ADS

[![Paid Media Agencies](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/paid_advertising.svg)Paid Media
Agencies](https://www.mayple.com/resources/paid-advertising/best-paid-
advertising-agencies)[![Top Advertising Agencies](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/stock_market.svg)Top Advertising
Agencies](https://www.mayple.com/resources/paid-advertising/top-advertising-
agencies)[![Best Facebook Ads Agencies](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/monitor_system.svg)Best Facebook Ads
Agencies](https://www.mayple.com/resources/paid-advertising/top-facebook-ads-
agencies)[![Google Ads Expert](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/like.svg)Google Ads
Expert](https://www.mayple.com/resources/paid-advertising/top-google-ads-
expert)

eCommerce

[![Top eCommerce Agencies](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/ecommerce.svg)Top eCommerce
Agencies](https://www.mayple.com/resources/ecommerce/top-ecommerce-
agencies)[![Top Shopify Agencies](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/cart.svg)Top Shopify
Agencies](https://www.mayple.com/resources/ecommerce/best-shopify-
agencies)[![Best Amazon Ads Agencies](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/amazon_mail.svg)Best Amazon Ads
Agencies](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-amazon-
marketing-agencies)[![Ecommerce Email Marketing Agencies](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/email_marketing.svg)Ecommerce Email Marketing
Agencies](https://www.mayple.com/resources/email-marketing/best-ecommerce-
email-marketing-agencies)

Top Experts

[![Amazon Marketing Experts](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/cart.svg)Amazon Marketing
Experts](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-amazon-
experts-for-hire)[![Instagram Growth Experts](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/instagram.svg)Instagram Growth
Experts](https://www.mayple.com/resources/social-media-marketing/best-
instagram-experts-for-hire)[![Top Email Marketers](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/open_email.svg)Top Email
Marketers](https://www.mayple.com/hire/email-marketer)[![Facebook Ads
Experts](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/paid_advertising.svg)Facebook Ads
Experts](https://www.mayple.com/resources/paid-advertising/best-facebook-ads-
experts)

[Resources](/resources/)

Learn

[![Marketing Plan Template](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/checklist.svg)Marketing Plan TemplateRefine
your marketing roadmap](/resources/digital-marketing/digital-marketing-plan-
template)[![Marketing Strategy](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/knight.svg)Marketing StrategyCreate a winning
strategy for your business](/resources/digital-marketing/marketing-
strategy)[![Marketing Freelancers](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/agencies.svg)Marketing FreelancersHow to best
hire the top marketing talent](/resources/digital-marketing/digital-marketing-
freelancer)[Mayple Resources ![arrow icon](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/arrow.svg)](/resources/)

Ecommerce

[![eCommerce Marketing](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/cart.svg)eCommerce MarketingEverything you
need to know about eCommerce marketing](/resources/ecommerce/ecommerce-
marketing)[![What is eCommerce](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/bag.svg)What is eCommerceHistory & trends in
the world of eCommerce](/resources/ecommerce/what-is-ecommerce)[![eCommerce
Growth Stories](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/bag.svg)eCommerce Growth StoriesCase studies
from the world's top eCommerce brands](/resources/ecommerce)

Topics

[![Email Marketing](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/briefcase.svg)Email
MarketingRefine](https://www.mayple.com/resources/email-marketing)[![Paid
advertising](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/monitor_system.svg)PPCRefine](https://www.mayple.com/resources/paid-
advertising)[![Social Media](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/cup.svg)Social MediaRefine](/resources/social-
media-marketing)[![Digital Marketing](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/ecommerce.svg)Digital
MarketingRefine](/resources/digital-marketing)

[![Mayple Youtube Channel](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/blog.png)Watch Our Host the Pro ShowGet
marketing strategies from the most influential marketers in the
world](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYpcD5ao9V-x-oH89GghJww)

[Case Studies 🚀](https://www.mayple.com/case-studies)

[Log In](https://app.mayple.com/login?notLoggedIn=true)[Get
Started](https://link.mayple.com/start)

  1. [Amazon Marketing](/resources/amazon-marketing)
  2.   3. [CRO](/resources/amazon-marketing/category/cro)

# Amazon Listing Optimization: The Ultimate Seller Guide + Best Practices
[2025]

Amazon product listing optimization is the best way to get more sales on
Amazon. In this guide we share best practices on keywords, images, A+ content
and more.

![Mina Elias](https://entail.mayple.com/en-assets/mayple/fit-
in/100x100/63c96f7f54f5b26963a4ed21_minaeliasprofilepic-1699518226550.jpg)

By Mina Elias

![Mina Elias](https://entail.mayple.com/en-assets/mayple/fit-
in/150x150/63c96f7f54f5b26963a4ed21_minaeliasprofilepic-1699518226550.jpg)

Mina Elias

Mina is a multiple seven-figure seller in the supplement industry, investor,
Amazon PPC expert, and founder of the Trivium Group, an Amazon Advertising
agency.

[See Full Bio](/resources/editorial/team/mina-elias-1207015)

Learn about our

[Editorial Policy](/resources/editorial/policy)

![Natalie Stenge](https://entail.mayple.com/en-assets/mayple/fit-
in/100x100/natalie_mayple-1700399266366.jpg)

Edited by Natalie Stenge

![Natalie Stenge](https://entail.mayple.com/en-assets/mayple/fit-
in/150x150/natalie_mayple-1700399266366.jpg)

Natalie Stenge

Natalie is a content writer and manager who is passionate about using her
craft to empower others. She thrives on team dynamic, great coffee, and
excellent content. One of these days, she might even get to her own content
ideas.

[See Full Bio](/resources/editorial/team/natalie-stenge-0919096)

Learn about our

[Editorial Policy](/resources/editorial/policy)

Updated November 7, 2024.

![Amazon Listing Optimization: The Ultimate Seller Guide + Best Practices
\[{year}\] main image](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f73344661538b3bd684ebe_amazonlistingoptimization2520252812529_d777073f8a167e377bdb87febe6c8998_2000-1699518589853.jpg)

With over [60% of online
shoppers](https://www.insiderintelligence.com/content/online-shoppers-search-
on-amazon) using the Amazon marketplace to start their product research, it is
vital for all Amazon sellers to have high product visibility to reach
potential customers and be relevant in the eyes of Amazon’s ranking algorithm.

Amazon search engine optimization (SEO) is one of the most important aspects
of being a successful seller on Amazon.

### Meet the expert

Mina is a multiple seven-figure seller in the supplement industry, investor,
Amazon PPC expert, and founder of the [Trivium Group](https://triviumco.com),
an Amazon Advertising agency. He has consulted over 400 brands and 3
aggregators worth $1.2 billion combined.

[](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-amazon-fba-experts-
to-hire)

Work with top vetted FBA specialists

![Two woman working together to manage an eCommerce
store](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/shutterstock_2281837413-1703084085332.jpg)

Hire the best Amazon FBA experts

Find the right expert to manage your Amazon fulfillment, help you make the
most of the FBA program, and elevate your eCommerce business.

[Find your expert](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-
amazon-fba-experts-to-hire)

﻿  

## What is Amazon listing optimization?

Amazon SEO is the process of improving or optimizing your product listing to
increase the likelihood that your product will be seen in your product
category. An increase in traffic and product visibility results in more sales
and a higher ranking in Amazon’s organic search results.

![60%-us-shoppers-start-on-amazon](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f733456615380f34684f45_602525usshoppersstartonamazon2520252812529_01d5be776de8e4aed595a972849c60c6_800-1699518589128.jpg)

﻿

A well-optimized listing not only helps you stand out from your competition
but will improve both your click-through rate (CTR) and your [Amazon
conversion rate](http://www.mayple.com/blog/amazon-conversion-rate-
optimization) (CVR), resulting in more sales and higher profits.

![amazon-listing-electrolytes](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f733456615389d32684f19_amazonlistingelectrolytes2520252812529_5469d37fb0faeec9f2ba8d5d82f25fb4_800-1699518588890.jpg)

﻿

## How to optimize your Amazon listings in 7 steps

Optimizing Amazon listings is a much more involved process than on other
marketplaces and [Amazon competitors](https://www.mayple.com/blog/amazon-
ecommerce-competitors). Here’s a step-by-step process you should follow to
optimize your listings.

### 1\. Conduct keyword research

Amazon SEO is built on a strong foundation of comprehensive keyword research.
To reach your target audience, you need to think like a customer and determine
specific words or phrases they use in the search bar on Amazon. You can [hire
an Amazon virtual assistant](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-
marketing/top-amazon-virtual-assistants-for-hire) to organize your keywords
into sheets and create negative keyword lists.

### Look on Amazon

First, begin with short-tail or seed keywords that best define your product
type. Once you have determined the primary keyword that best defines your
product, you can move forward and begin generating a list of keywords for your
Amazon listing optimization.

Type a variety of words and phrases into Amazon’s search box. Look at the
drop-down suggestions and start compiling a list of potential keywords and
phrases, relative to your product.

An effective approach to any keyword research process is to perform competitor
analysis using an optimization tool. There are many [keyword research
tools](https://www.mayple.com/blog/amazon-ppc-software) available to Amazon
sellers such as Helium 10’s Cerebro and Keyword Scout.

Performing reverse-ASIN lookup can help you generate a list of applicable
keywords searched for in your niche. They also provide data such as search
volume and the level of competition for specific keywords.

In addition to discovering both high and low search volume keywords, you also
need to focus on long-tail and short-tail keywords.

  * **Long-tail keywords** are relatively specific, have a higher CVR, and are typically less competitive with a lower search volume than short-tail keywords.
  * **Short-tail keywords** are generally broader, are high search volume, and therefore are more competitive with a lower CVR as they generate a variety of results when customers use the search bar on Amazon.

At times, performing keyword research can feel like going down a rabbit hole
but as an Amazon seller, it is crucial for you to dedicate time to creating
keyword lists and incorporating relevant keywords into your listing.

[](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-amazon-fba-experts-
to-hire)

Work with top vetted FBA specialists

![Two woman working together to manage an eCommerce
store](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/shutterstock_2281837413-1703084085332.jpg)

Hire the best Amazon FBA experts

Find the right expert to manage your Amazon fulfillment, help you make the
most of the FBA program, and elevate your eCommerce business.

[Find your expert](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-
amazon-fba-experts-to-hire)

﻿  

### 2\. Optimize your product title

Your product title is the primary field used by Amazon’s search algorithm to
determine the relevancy of your product for a given search term. It’s
important that you create descriptive product text that captures the attention
of potential buyers.

When considering your product title optimization strategy, you first want to
start with your brand name. Aside from the fact that a substantial number of
customer searches are by brand name, it promotes brand awareness and instills
in shoppers that you are a reputable, established brand.

![amazon-listing-chainsaw](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f73345661538c511684f1a_amazonlistingchainsaw_6b44b965aec9ce6ec94bc0a39dbbb195_800-1699518589057.jpg)

﻿

Following your brand name, prioritize your main keywords to describe the type
of product you are selling. Consider the keywords or phrases that your target
audience is most likely using to search for your product.

Having captured a potential buyer’s attention, use the remaining characters
available to describe the features and benefits of your item. This may include
the size, color, or other attributes of your product. Highlight the features
that distinguish you from your competitors.

Include as many of your main keywords as possible to increase your visibility
and your CTR, but avoid keyword stuffing. Your title needs to make sense and
be readable. And don’t use up your real estate on the same keyword, only use
each word once.

There are some no-no’s when it comes to product title optimization. Amazon
does not allow certain phrases such as “high quality” or “best seller” as well
as promotional messages such as “free shipping.” Keeping within Amazon’s rules
and guidelines will safeguard against your listing getting suppressed.

### 3\. Optimize your product description

Appearing further down the page, your product description is where you can
expand on the features and benefits of your product and mention ones that
didn’t fit in your title or bullet points.

It’s the ideal place to incorporate the remainder of your keyword list. You’ve
got 2,000 characters at your disposal to address consumer pain points and
convey to the customer how your product will positively improve their life,
emphasizing how your product is superior to your competitors.

While your product description is important and is indexed by the Amazon
algorithm, having A+ content will take your product page to the next level. A+
content is a feature offered through Seller Central to sellers with Brand
Registry, and it allows sellers to be more creative and increase consumer
trust by including their brand story.

You can use customizable modules to create a set of high-quality product
descriptions. Combine text and additional images to instantly grab shoppers'
attention, triggering an emotional response, resulting in higher conversion
rates and impacting your rank.

![bulletproof-coffee-a+content-on-amazon](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f7334666153849ea685009_bulletproofcoffeea252Bcontentonamazon25202528125292520252822529_3534d8beb5ce0d16a1bd5f2c5fd8e7b8_800-1699518589241.png)

﻿

### 4\. Optimize your product key features

The use of keyword-optimized bullet points in your product page is where you
describe your key features in a digestible format. Each bullet point should
outline what your product is and highlight the benefits and features that make
it stand out.

Highlight the top five features and benefits that you would like consumers to
consider. Think like a customer and address questions that consumers may have
regarding the finer details or use of your product. Amazon gives you a
1000-character limit to use, across five bullet points, and it’s another great
place to include main keywords that didn’t fit in the title.

![amazon-product-description-example](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f73346661538280b685008_amazonproductdescriptionexample_252812529_252812529_928f180f384fd20b2be7c636a7308a7e_800-1699518589236.png)

﻿

### 5\. Improve your product images

Arguably one of the most important elements of a product listing is the
images. No matter how descriptive your text is, no one is going to buy your
product if you don’t have high-quality product photography.

Online shoppers can’t hold your product in their hands like they can in a
physical store so you have to let your images tell the tale. As the saying
goes, “a picture is worth a thousand words”.

Here are some tips for making your images rock:

  * Display your product from various angles
  * Show your product in use and highlight essential features
  * First image is the most crucial (it shows up in the search)
  * Follow Amazon’s guidelines - image size, color mode, format, and file name

Additional images and [Amazon video ads](https://www.mayple.com/blog/amazon-
video-ads) are presented to customers when they click on a listing and land on
your product detail page. Optimize these too.

![golf-club-polishing-solution-on-amazon](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f733456615386c24684f44_golfclubpolishingsolution_1e7ac08c21cf8e4c2d5c8e4a9237a9f1_800-1699518588977.jpg)

﻿

Use infographics. They give consumers a visual format of the features and
product benefits highlighted in your bullet points. Include details such as
dimensions, additional items, and how-to-use instructions, and add some
lifestyle photos. They help create emotion and stimulate the imagination of
your potential customers.

![product-photo-how-to-use-instructions-amazon](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f733456615382430684f50_productphotohowtouseinstructionsamazon_252812529_252812529_44a2f45eb814123b907ec5eb02519540_800-1699518589151.jpg)

﻿

Optimize with high-quality images with your customer in mind and provide them
with the necessary information and visualization they need to be convinced to
purchase from you over your direct competitors.

### 6\. Optimize product search terms

Product search terms, often referred to as back-end keywords, are hidden
keywords that are not visible to customers. They inform the Amazon algorithm
of specific keywords relative to a product (they’re like YouTube tags).

  * You’re allowed up to 250 bytes
  * Don’t use special characters, competitor ASINs, and brand names
  * Don’t repeat words or phrases you’ve already included in your listing
  * Use low to medium-search volume keywords that you haven’t used yet

![amazon-backend-keywords](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f73345661538687d684f18_amazonbackendkeywords_252812529_884782de8c8b26f41a3ee7397a110432_800-1699518589169.jpg)

﻿

### 7\. Optimize the product price

There’s fierce competition on Amazon, with many sellers competing on price.
According to Statista, [nearly
50%](https://www.statista.com/statistics/670499/us-amazon-usage-reason) of
online shoppers visit Amazon expecting the best prices. So it’s essential that
you keep your prices competitive while keeping a close eye on your margins.
You don’t want to go too low, obviously.

## Amazon listing optimization tips

Here are some expert tips and tricks to help optimize your Amazon product
listings for success.

### 1\. Get more product reviews

Customer satisfaction is a high priority for Amazon so product reviews and
product ratings weigh heavily in their search algorithm. A good star rating
and a high number of positive reviews tell Amazon that you have a good
product, and they start promoting you more.

![brightech-maxwell-amazon](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f733456615385d16684f5c_brightechmaxwellamazon_252812529_6385bf5b82fe5bd61f7c40505f9c2f9d_800-1699518589205.png)

﻿

Customer reviews are critical to your CTR. Address any negative feedback that
you may receive immediately. If you’re prompt, customers may remove their
negative review in exchange for a replacement item or a refund.

Amazon has strict guidelines when it comes to sellers soliciting customer
reviews, but you do have a few legitimate options, such as Amazon’s Request a
Review button and their Vine Program.

### 2\. Use Amazon's A/B testing tool

A successful Amazon SEO strategy incorporates continual testing and analysis.
Use A/B tests or split tests to compare the performance of different product
images, titles, bullet points, and your A+ Content.

Use Amazon’s **Manage Your Experiments** feature inside Seller Central to can
compare two versions of an element against each other and determine which one
performs the best.

Amazon will present one group of customers with one version while the second
group is presented with another. After the experiment, you can analyze the
data to see which version had a higher CVR and drove more sales.

![amazon-ab-testing-experiments](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f733456615388d79684f51_amazonabtestingexperiments_252812529_8338999145f574838ab86985ccf8436a_800-1699518589051.jpg)

﻿

### 3\. Tell a story in your product listings

An engaging product listing has to tell a compelling story and connect with
your customers emotionally. Work on writing a captivating title, images,
features, and description, and actually showing how your product will
positively impact your customer’s life.

![electrolytes-drink-amazon](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f73345661538cad9684fa9_electrolytesdrinkamazon_252812529_252812529_8859fd6625374878976bf2da7326e6ac_800-1699518589260.png)

﻿

**Pro tip** : use [Amazon influencers](https://www.mayple.com/blog/amazon-
influencers) and PR mentions to make your product story more believable. You
can also re-purpose influencer images and videos for your social media, Amazon
ads, and display them on your own website.

### 4\. Live in the “Questions and Answers” section

The Question and Answers section is another opportunity to answer customer
questions, service your customers better, and display your social proof. These
FAQs are indexed by Amazon’s algorithm and improve your rankings. They’re also
a great opportunity to learn common customer questions and add that info to
your product detail page.

![amazon-questions-and-answers](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/63f733456615389a63684f1b_amazonquestionsandanswers_dfb9073289a70f5d293acc666e1dd245_800-1699518589215.jpg)

﻿

### 5\. Use Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)

With more than [150
million](https://www.statista.com/statistics/1223385/amazon-prime-subscribers-
in-the-united-states/) Amazon Prime members in the US, it is no surprise that
the most frequently used filter on the Amazon marketplace is Amazon Prime.
With fast, free, and reliable shipping options, and excellent customer
service, available to Amazon Prime members, shoppers prefer to buy from
sellers that offer [Amazon FBA](https://www.mayple.com/blog/amazon-fba).

Offering your customers FBA ensures a positive customer experience which will
potentially be reflected in your reviews and your search results rank. An
added advantage of having [an FBA plan](https://www.mayple.com/blog/amazon-
fba-shipping-plan) is that Amazon will oversee all your fulfillment
requirements from packaging to shipping and customer queries and returns.

**Pro tip:** hire an [Amazon FBA
specialist](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-amazon-fba-
experts-to-hire) to help you navigate FBA better.

## **Takeaways**

Investing the time and taking all the steps to improve your Amazon search
engine optimization will not only help your sales velocity but will improve
your ranking, leading to more product visibility and attracting more buyers.

Product listing optimization should be an ongoing process as part of your SEO
strategy with a strong focus on key elements of your product listing,
including:

  1. Keywords
  2. Product titles
  3. Product descriptions
  4. Key features (bullet points)
  5. Product images
  6. Product search terms (backend keywords)
  7. Product pricing

Amazon listing optimization results in increased CTR in the search engine
results and increased CVR on the product detail page, both of which contribute
to increased sales and better search rankings.

Selling on Amazon can be challenging and time-consuming and product listing
optimization is no exception. If you are looking for help to drive sales and
increase revenue, consider employing the services of [Amazon experts
](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-amazon-experts-for-
hire)or an experienced [Amazon marketing
agency](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-amazon-
marketing-agencies) to help grow your business. We’ve got them both.

[](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-amazon-fba-experts-
to-hire)

Work with top vetted FBA specialists

![Two woman working together to manage an eCommerce
store](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/shutterstock_2281837413-1703084085332.jpg)

Hire the best Amazon FBA experts

Find the right expert to manage your Amazon fulfillment, help you make the
most of the FBA program, and elevate your eCommerce business.

[Find your expert](https://www.mayple.com/resources/amazon-marketing/best-
amazon-fba-experts-to-hire)

﻿  

## Related Articles

[![The Types of Amazon Seller Accounts
Explained](https://entail.mayple.com/en-assets/mayple/fit-
in/280x280/types_of_amazon_seller_accounts_1-1716359921874.jpg)](/resources/amazon-
marketing/types-of-amazon-seller-accounts)

### [The Types of Amazon Seller Accounts Explained](/resources/amazon-
marketing/types-of-amazon-seller-accounts)

Mayple

November 7, 2024

[![How to Use Amazon Video Ads to Boost your eCommerce Sales in
{year}](https://entail.mayple.com/en-assets/mayple/fit-
in/280x280/63ad51721d9c9650be268383_amazonvideoads1_9417880727a1e66d9131cbcac11648d4_2000-1699518530528.jpg)](/resources/amazon-
marketing/amazon-video-ads)

### [How to Use Amazon Video Ads to Boost your eCommerce Sales in
2025](/resources/amazon-marketing/amazon-video-ads)

Vojin Deronjic

November 7, 2024

[![Amazon Vendor vs. Seller: the Difference + Pros & Cons for
{year}](https://entail.mayple.com/en-assets/mayple/fit-
in/280x280/63fb10b8412223a4f3966ea2_amazonvendorvsseller1_04a71cfc6cfc90ac00aff2fb1e0bccd3_2000-1699518590805.jpg)](/resources/amazon-
marketing/amazon-vendor-vs-seller)

### [Amazon Vendor vs. Seller: the Difference + Pros & Cons for
2025](/resources/amazon-marketing/amazon-vendor-vs-seller)

Danielle Hixenbaugh

November 7, 2024

[![How to Create an Amazon FBA Shipping Plan in 8 Easy
Steps](https://entail.mayple.com/en-assets/mayple/fit-
in/280x280/63d8eb3592a5a28dfe03e218_AmazonFBAShippingPlan1_e5bf93a3b994c7900eb0478be946738b_2000-1699518570150.jpg)](/resources/amazon-
marketing/amazon-fba-shipping-plan)

### [How to Create an Amazon FBA Shipping Plan in 8 Easy
Steps](/resources/amazon-marketing/amazon-fba-shipping-plan)

Mina Elias

November 7, 2024

[![Amazon Trends: How to Find the Best Ones + Free Best Seller
Tools](https://entail.mayple.com/en-assets/mayple/fit-
in/280x280/63eeabdcf9ac41541ad5bc64_amazontrends1_27e1d7bf63e5c40222522863b47fc2d3_2000-1699518584061.jpg)](/resources/amazon-
marketing/amazon-trends)

### [Amazon Trends: How to Find the Best Ones + Free Best Seller
Tools](/resources/amazon-marketing/amazon-trends)

Rakefet Yacoby From

November 7, 2024

[![a woman in a business suit with her arms
crossed](https://entail.mayple.com/en-
assets/mayple/Find_marketer_1-1700736642900.png)](https://link.mayple.com/start?)

Platform

[Overview](https://www.mayple.com/platform-overview)[Data-based
vetting](https://www.mayple.com/data-based-vetting)[AI-powered
matching](https://www.mayple.com/ai-powered-matching)[Monitoring
system](https://www.mayple.com/unbiased-monitoring)[Marketing
recommendations](https://www.mayple.com/dedicated-success)[Marketing
consultation](https://www.mayple.com/marketing-consultation)

How we compare

[vs Agencies](https://www.mayple.com/mayple-vs-agencies)[vs In-
house](https://www.mayple.com/mayple-vs-in-house)[vs Freelance
marketplaces](https://www.mayple.com/mayple-vs-freelance)

[Pricing](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/paid-media-packages)[Paid
advertising](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/paid-media-packages)[Email
marketing](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/email-marketing-packages)[Social
media management](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/social-media-
packages)[SEO](https://www.mayple.com/pricing/seo)

Company

[About](https://www.mayple.com/about)[Our mission](https://www.mayple.com/our-
mission)[Careers](https://www.mayple.com/career)[Case
studies](https://www.mayple.com/case-studies)[Privacy
policy](https://www.mayple.com/legal/privacy-policy)[Terms of
use](https://www.mayple.com/legal/terms-of-use)[Acceptable Use
Policy](https://www.mayple.com/legal/acceptable-use-policy)

Join as a Partner

[Our partner programs](https://www.mayple.com/mayple-partner-program)[Solution
Partners Program](https://www.mayple.com/referral-program-partners)[Expert
referral program](https://www.mayple.com/referral-program-experts)[Customer
referral program](https://www.mayple.com/referral-program-customers)

Marketing Talent

[Why work with Mayple](https://www.mayple.com/mayple-experts)[Platform
overview](https://www.mayple.com/platform-
overview)[FAQ](https://www.mayple.com/frequently-asked-questions)

Roles

[Paid Ads Specialist](/resources/paid-advertising/hire-paid-ads-
specialist)[Email Marketer](/resources/email-marketing/hire-email-
marketer)[Conversion Rate Optimizer](/resources/paid-advertising/conversion-
rate-optimization-cro-experts)[SEO Specialist](/resources/digital-
marketing/hire-seo-specialist)[Marketing Manager](/resources/digital-
marketing/hire-marketing-managers)[Growth Marketer](/resources/ecommerce/best-
expert-growth-marketers)[Social Media Manager](/resources/social-media-
marketing/best-social-media-managers-for-hire)[Influencer
Marketer](/resources/social-media-marketing/influencer-marketing-expert)[SEO
Consultant](/resources/digital-marketing/seo-consultant)[eCommerce
Expert](/resources/ecommerce/best-ecommerce-experts-for-hire)[Digital
Marketing Consultant](/resources/digital-marketing/digital-marketing-
consultant)

Resources

[All Resources](/resources/)[eCommerce Marketing
Strategy](/resources/ecommerce/ecommerce-marketing-strategies)[Marketing Plan
Template](/resources/digital-marketing/digital-marketing-plan-
template)[Marketing Strategy](/resources/digital-marketing/marketing-
strategy)[eCommerce Growth Playbook](https://www.mayple.com/tools/ecommerce-
playbook)[Omnichannel Marketing](/resources/digital-marketing/omnichannel-
marketing)[Online Marketplaces](/resources/ecommerce/online-
marketplaces)[Service Marketing](/resources/digital-marketing/service-
marketing)[CRO Audit](https://www.mayple.com/tools/conversion-rate-
optimization-checklist)

Hire Top Agencies

[Digital Marketing Agency](/resources/paid-advertising/best-digital-marketing-
agencies)[eCommerce Marketing Agency](/resources/ecommerce/ecommerce-
marketing-agency)[Advertising Agency](/resources/paid-advertising/top-
advertising-agencies)[Amazon Marketing Agency](/resources/amazon-
marketing/best-amazon-marketing-agencies)[CRO Agency](/resources/digital-
marketing/cro-agency)[eCommerce Agency](/resources/ecommerce/top-ecommerce-
agencies)[eCommerce SEO Agencies](/resources/ecommerce/best-ecommerce-seo-
agencies)

![Mayple Logo](https://entail-assets.com/client/images/mayple/logo_footer.svg)

15 West 38 Street MB#532  
New York, NY, US 10018 [+1 929-203-6341](tel:+19292036341)  
Sharon st. 4, Giv'atayim, Israel

[![facebook logo](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/facebook.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/Mayplers/)[![twitter
logo](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/i/flow/login?redirect_after_login=%2Fmayple_com)[![youtube
logo](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYpcD5ao9V-x-
oH89GghJww)[![linkedin logo](https://entail-
assets.com/client/images/mayple/linkedin.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/18124335)

© Mayple 2022

