[![wisepops
logo](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/165x26/c455787e23/wisepops_logo_white.svg)](/)

Products

[![icn-notification](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/32x32/90efec505a/icn-
notification.svg)FeedNext generation channel that engages your most valuable
visitors](/feed)

[![icn-popup](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/32x32/59aaa7ccad/icn-
popup.svg)PopupsAdvanced popups that maximize engagement](/popups)

[![icn-web-browser](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/32x32/41b94fd363/icn-web-
browser.svg)Web PushReconnect with your audience, without emails](/web-push)

[![icn-inpages](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/32x32/74c4b57960/icn-
inpages.svg)EmbedsPersonalized embedded website experience](/embeds)

[![icn-ai-
recommendations](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/32x32/0ff168af2e/icn-ai-
recommendations.svg)AI RecommendationsPredict purchase intent with AI-powered
product recommendations](/product-recommendations)

[![icn-experiments-
platform](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/32x32/fb679a87b6/icn-experiments-
platform.svg)Experiments PlatformMeasure the impact and improve conversion
across the funnel](/experiments)

[Pricing](/pricing)

[Customers](/customers/)

Resources

[Blog](/blog/)

[Community](https://community.wisepops.com/)

[Help center](https://support.wisepops.com)

[Log in](/login)[Start for free](/signup)

![](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/4321x900/e44c9f4a06/discount-
popup_-8-examples-best-practices-how-to-create.webp/m/1900x275)

Draft

# How to Promote a Product: 16 Ways [Proven & New]

![](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/600x600/5488957124/oleksii-1.png/m/200x0)[By
Oleksii Kovalenko](/authors/oleksii-kovalenko)

Here, we’ll look at 16 effective ways to promote a new or popular product.

Each way comes with an example to show you how others do product launches and
promotions to boost customer engagement and revenue.

**Get started:**

  * **Building a strategy to promote a product**

  * **Ways to promote products [list]**

###### Introduce new products to the right customers

Maximize engagement with new products with targeted onsite campaigns and AI
product recommendations

[Try for free](https://id.wisepops.com/signup)[Get on
Shopify![](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/800x800/e48c0cff4f/shopify-logo-
svgrepo-com.svg)](https://apps.shopify.com/pop-up-builder-
wisepops?utm_source=wisepops.com&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=article-promote-
new-product)

![personalized picks
recommendations](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1852x954/2e30a41536/personalized-
picks.png)

Running an online store? These will also help with product promotions:

  * [How to get Shopify sales (+examples)](/blog/how-to-get-sales-on-shopify)

  * [Top Shopify stores (+revenues)](/blog/shopify-stores)

  * [How to add pop up on Shopify (step-by-step)](/blog/shopify-guide)

## Building a strategy to promote a product

You can divide all ways to promote a product into two areas:

  * **Onsite** (on your website)

  * **Offsite** (outside of your website)

You can start by trying different combinations:

Paid ads or social media (**offsite**) > sales promotions, discounts, product
bundling, and/or popups (**onsite**)

And getting more specific:

A popup with a special offer or a BOGO deal (**onsite**) > promoting products
by sending marketing emails to those who signed up with that popup
(**offsite**).

Here are all major ways to promote products:

Onsite (on website)| Offsite (outside of website)  
---|---  
Popups | Email marketing (product emails)  
Onsite notifications| Influencer marketing  
BOGO offers| Social media marketing  
Product bundling| Paid ads  
Product giveaway|  
Free sample |   
SMS discount coupons|  
Collaboration with other brands|  
Sale promotions|  
Product quiz |   
Customer reviews|  
Blog content|  
  
Next, you’ll see why these ideas to promote products are worth trying for your
business.

## How to promote a product

  * **Onsite feed**

  * **Product-specific popups **

  * **Discount popups**

  * **BOGO offers**

  * **Product bundling**

  * **Collaboration with other brands**

  * **Product giveaway**

  * **SMS discount coupons**

  * **Free sample **

  * **Sale promotions**

  * **Product quiz **

  * **Product email**

  * **Social media marketing**

  * **Influencer marketing**

  * **Customer reviews**

  * **Blog content**

###  1\. Onsite feed

Having onsite feed on a website means you can promote your products on a
homepage with a social media-like feed with messages.

Here’s how onsite feed works:

  * It appears as a bell in your website’s header 

  * Visitors notice the bell (it has a red circle with the number of unread messages)

  * Visitors click the bell and find the product

  * Visitors click the link in the notification and go to a product page

This is how promoting new products with onsite feed looks like (courtesy:
_[Asphalte](https://www.asphalte.com/en-us/h)_ , one of the most successful
fashion brands in France).

The visitor clicks the “bell,” browses the feed, and chooses a product to
check out:

![notifications for apparel
marketing](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/600x302/b9ebc30d17/notifications-
for-apparel-marketing.gif/m/)

The benefits of product promotion with the onsite feed:

  * Clean homepage

  * No interference with the brand experience

  * You let visitors discover products on their own

  * Drive potential customers directly to your products

 _“[Onsite notifications] are fairly unobtrusive - it’s there but it's not in-
your-face and does not interfere with the brand experience on our
homepage...”_

Black Ember, a Shopify store

Last but not least—

Onsite notifications are effective: in the case of Asphalte, 11.5% of visitors
who clicked notifications contributed to _**[42% of their monthly
revenue](/customers/asphalte)**_**.**

Another business, _[Black Ember](https://blackember.com/)_ , promotes a
limited edition of one of its best-selling products with this campaign:

![Onsite notification product
launch](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/954x556/cfb5753f30/image1.webp/m/)

In 21 days, this campaign drove 2,059 visitors to that product:

![Onsite notification product launch
analytics](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/704x82/86dbae3760/image3.webp/m/)

Again, going to the product page was something that visitors decided on their
own after discovering the “bell” in the Black Ember website’s top menu.  

Both Asphalte and Black Ember, they were able to promote new products (which
makes notifications perfect for [fashion marketing](/blog/apparel-marketing))
and raise a lot of awareness among visitors.

Also, you can take advantage of the built-in AI product recommendations, which
is a machine learning-powered feature that'll help you put the right products
before the right shoppers:

![recently viewed
items](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/2024x1334/cbf64a5f29/recently-viewed-
items.webp)

And—

Of course you'll be able to allow your visitors to add the products to the
shopping cart directly from the feed:

![add to cart
buttons](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1800x1624/432686d965/screenshot-2025-04-01-at-9-59-44-am.png)

You can promote products on your website this way, too. **Onsite** **feed
works on all websites** , integrate with popular [ecommerce
tools](/blog/ecommerce-tools), and have powerful targeting and analytics.

[Try feed free](https://id.wisepops.com/signup)

 _No cc needed, 14-day free trial.__[Learn more about onsite feed](/feed)_

![danmodified](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/800x800/d4e69ba4bd/danmodified.webp/m/)

“Onsite notifications were a significant driver in revenue for the launch of
our new product range and we will be making use of the notifications for
future campaigns and product launches.”

Dan Mitchell, Ecommerce Manager OddBalls

Also—

Get more details on Black Ember’s campaigns and find out how you can engage
your visitors more effectively right away:

![black ember
logo](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/200x200/6262e8c767/image37.webp/m/)

How Black Ember drove 2,000+ customers to product pages in 21 days:

**[Product promotion case study](/customers/black-ember)**

###  2\. Product specific popups

Product-specific popups are one of the best ways to promote a product because
they focus the attention of customers on specific items.

Examples:

  * An _[email signup popup](/blog/email-pop-up-examples)_ that focuses a product to motivate visitors to convert

  * A popup with a link to drive shoppers to a page with a product

  * A popup that shows a product only to visitors who viewed it before

Let’s see all of these in action:

_[Flaus](https://goflaus.com/)_ is promoting its product (the world’s first
electric flosser!) with an email signup popup on the homepage. The campaign is
featuring a nice product image, a unique value proposition, and a nice
discount:

![flaus product promotion
popup](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1000x645/ebca61460f/image1.webp/m/)

This product promotion example is great if you, for example, sell one or a few
items.

(By the way, Flaus used _[Wisepops](/popups)_ to make that popup).

Next—

This campaign (a popup for driving traffic) is different.

Instead of a generic “sign-up-for-our-newsletter” message, this product popup
promotes the item **to the visitor who has viewed that product before.** So,
it won’t appear, for example, if you visit the site for the first time.

The visitor can just click Shop Now and go straight to the product:

![product promotion
popup](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1418x781/4c9ad0afab/image25.webp/m/)

Showing products to returning visitors like that is easy to do with **page
targeting**.

You just need to add your chosen product page to campaign display settings in
your popup app, for example:

![page
targeting](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/578x243/d9d49b58fc/image37.webp/m/)

See how to do **[page
targeting](https://support.wisepops.com/article/d1z8nwnnmu-target-or-exclude-
a-specific-url-domain-or-group-of-urls)**

Another advantage of this product promotion popup is the unusual position—zero
interference with the browsing experience.

Many businesses, especially _[ecommerce websites](/blog/ecommerce-website-
design-examples)_ , advertise products with similar campaigns, especially
shown in unusual positions.

Another example:

[Dolce & Gabbana](https://www.dolcegabbana.com/en/) promotes a popular product
like that:

![dolce gabbana popup
box](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1999x936/842423a0a9/image62.webp/m/)

Creating these non-intrusive [ecommerce popups](/blog/ecommerce-popups) is
also easy with a good popup software, and you’ll be able to capture your
visitors’ attention and drive traffic to product pages easily.

In fact—

You can choose the position of a product promotion popup with one click in
Wisepops:

![display
settings](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/395x441/ceeb7d1827/image8.webp/m/)

If you’d like to try promoting products with popups, there are plenty of
_[popup software](/blog/best-popup-software)_ out there.

But let me recommend _**[Wisepops](/popups)**_ — here are [12
campaigns](/blog/campaigns-to-launch-with-wisepops-today) you can launch with
it today.

You get a suite of pro features like [unique Shopify discount
codes](/blog/how-to-create-shopify-discount-codes-in-wisepops), A/B/n testing,
targeting of Klaviyo segments, and deep targeting.

Get started here:

[Try popups free](https://id.wisepops.com/signup)

 _No cc needed, use for free for 14 days_

![review from
shopify](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/2908x1029/9e30d9cb3e/review-from-
shopify.png)

###  3\. Discount popups

Unlike product-specific popups, these ones are all about discounts.

While discount popups can be a bit interrupting (that depends on the display
settings, though), they are a proven way to promote products by giving
visitors an incentive.

Example:

Discount popups are a part of the product promotion strategy at
_[Blume](https://www.blume.com/)_ , a successful Shopify store. This one gives
20% off for the first order (note an image with products, too):

![discount
popup](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1600x1042/1f93dbb1a4/image30.webp/m/)

This way, Blume visitors know right away that they can get a good deal.

And this strategy works—

Blume **converts** **5% of visitors** with this campaign (see the case study
below).

There’s also one more reason why this Blume campaign is successful. If a
visitor decides to close the popup and browse products first (which happens
all the time!), they can still easily **get the** **discount when they need
it.  **

Here’s how: when they close the popup, it automatically changes into a very
small tab that stays in the left bottom corner of the screen. If the visitor
finds the product they like and wants to get the discount, all they have to do
is click that tab:

![popup with
tab](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/600x339/eb2be1a9db/blume.gif/m/)

I won’t go into details but here’s _**[how the tab
works](https://support.wisepops.com/article/qrdmfqczsk-how-to-use-the-tab-
feature)**_**** if you’re interested. Spoiler: you need neither coding nor
previous experience to promote your products like that.

By using the tab, you can promote your products and services with popups and
keep the discounts accessible even after visitors decide to close them.

You can get the same results as Blume: _**[see how you can grow with
popups.](/popups)**_

Or get started with converting your visitors today:

[Make a product popup](https://id.wisepops.com/signup)

 _No commitment, 14-day free trial_

This step-by-step guide will also be helpful to speed things up:

_**[How to create discount popups](/blog/discount-popup)**_

![Expert
author](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/225x225/b52d3781e4/blume.png/m/)

Product promotion case study

Blume converts 5% of visitors using product and sale popups. Learn more:
_**[Blume case study](/customers/blume)**_

###  4\. BOGO offers

BOGO (“Buy one get one free”) is an effective tactic to promote products—you
give a free item for purchasing two others. Many customers would be all for
taking advantage of this offer.

Usually, the free product is a replenishable item or something that
complements another, more expensive product.

Types of BOGO sales for promoting products:

  * Buy one, get one half price

  * Buy one and get a free sample

  * Buy two get one free (also called B2GO)

  * Buy a product from one category and get a free product from another category

Example:

Here’s a B2GO sale that promotes a brand birthday sale:

![buy 2 get 1 free sales popup example from
Blume](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/2048x1075/4b2beace27/popup-
blume.webp/m/)

How you can use BOGO to promote:

  * Excess inventory items (especially seasonal)

  * Products you need to sell faster

  * New products

Having this promo once in a while (say, once in a couple of months) can help
raise awareness of products by having visitors explore our website more.

Like the design of Blume’s popup? See more (including popups advertising a new
product) here:

_**[Popup design examples](/blog/15-gorgeous-pop-up-design-examples-you-can-
copy-today)**_

###  5\. Product bundling

Product bundling is a strategy in which you combine products you want to
promote as a single unit sold for one price. Using product bundling can help
sell more by increasing the average size of orders.

Types of product bundling:

  * **Pure bundling**. Only you choose the products in the bundle

  * **Mix & match bundling.** Customers are free to select products

  * **New product bundling**. Includes new products and is available for a limited time

  * **Cross-sell bundling.** Involves products from different categories that go together

  * **Excess inventory bundling**. Combines old inventory products and includes extra discounts

  * **BOGO bundling.** You give a product for free for buying products you chose

Examples:

_[CODAGE Paris](https://www.codageparis.com/)_ promotes their products with a
BOGO bundle offer:

![bundle](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1999x978/00e1c1db1e/image9.webp/m/)

One more—

A product bundle sale that also gives an extra 10% discount code:

![blume bundle
popup](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/2678x1178/d293a00687/blume-bundle-
popup.webp/m/)

To market your products more effectively with bundling, add promotional
messages about them at high-traffic places, like your homepage, in a website
bar, or in a popup.

**Tip: Add a discount to your bundling offer**

A discount will make the deal much more appealing in the eyes of customers,
especially those looking for the best deals. It does not have to be a large
discount (even $10 off could do the job).

These **[18 discount code ideas](/blog/discount-code-ideas)** should be
useful.

### 6\. Collaboration with other brands

Do you have a partnership with another business?

Do your products go well together with theirs?

If yes, then you can effectively promote your products to customers by doing a
collaboration. This way, you'll double the marketing effort and tap into new
audiences.

Example:

_[émoi émoi](https://emoi-emoi.com/)_ collaborated with
_[Superga](https://www.superga.com/)_ to promote a special B2GO offer: free
collector socks for buying two matching pairs of shoes (for a mom and a
child).

This product promotion campaign was advertised on émoi émoi's website like
that:

![emoi emoi onsite
notifications](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/3222x1764/f91e85b6ef/emoiemoi_graphic2.webp/m/)

If the visitors clicked, they went to the special émoi émoi & Superga
_[collaboration page](https://emoi-emoi.com/collections/chaussures-et-
sandales?filter.p.product_type=Chaussettes&filter.p.product_type=Tennis)_
where they could pick the shoes and the size.

There, they also applied the promo code to unlock the offer:

![embed on
website](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/2370x1458/f7f4c98c5e/screenshot-2023-07-27-at-8-41-21-am.webp/m/)

émoi émoi has done a great job promoting products like that.

In fact, the onsite notification (the one you saw earlier) **drove 289
visitors** to the page with the promoted products (that’s an 8% CVR):

![emoi emoi onsite notifications
CTR](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1059x79/1ef7ff6d5a/image9.webp/m/)

To make your product promotion with partner collaborations effective:

  * Pick a theme to make the offer special

  * Choose products that go well together with your partner’s items

  * Use a discount code to know how many offers were applied to cart

  * Promote the offer on your website with multiple channels (in émoi émoi's case, it was onsite notifications and [embeds](/embeds)

![Expert
author](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/800x800/f5c145fd5b/image19.webp/m/)

"The Superga x émoi émoi shoes are the 3rd and 4th most viewed product pages
since the beginning of the operation.”

Lucie Poirier, Digital marketing manager, émoi émoi

**[Read case study](/customers/emoi-emoi)**

###  7\. Product giveaway

Giveaways are a good way to promote a product to new customers (and _[build
your email list](/blog/how-to-build-email-list)_ , too).

Ideally, you should give away something you sell—to give your potential
customers a taste of your product and make them want to come back for more.

Wildcraft, for example, gave away a new product alongside a second one:

![](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/958x611/02c6c4f1e5/image20.webp/m/)

Next—

[Faguo](https://www.faguo-store.com/en/) is running this product giveaway
campaign as a spin-to-win popup. The prize: a pair of expensive Faguo
sneakers.

![](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/952x752/f4a098d8f2/faguo.webp/m/)

This product promotion campaign was also successful, generating tens of
thousands of new leads for Faguo. So, they’re running it all year round.

The campaign is activated on both the desktop and mobile versions of Faguo’s
website, which was a good idea:

![faguo
performance](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/678x311/95f03aa030/faguo-
performance.png/m/)

If advertising your products with a giveaway sounds interesting:

  * **[10 giveaway ideas](/blog/giveaway-ideas)** to get started (with examples)

  * **[Spin-to-win popup guide](/blog/best-practices-for-spin-to-win-popups)**[ ](/blog/best-practices-for-spin-to-win-popups)(if you want to find out how they work)

Or—

You can try creating a spin popup (just choose a template to get a head
start):

[Make a spin popup](https://id.wisepops.com/signup)

More details about Faguo's product promotion campaign:

![faguo logo](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/280x280/3f1b9fd78a/faguo-
logo.png/m/)

Learn how Faguo generates over 2,000 new leads every month by giving away a
pair of expensive sneakers from their collection:

**[Faguo case study](/customers/faguo)**

###  8\. SMS discount coupons

You can also promote your products with text messages—many customers don’t
mind them at all.

The first step is to build a list of phone numbers, which is also pretty
straightforward to do. One way is to use _[signup
forms](https://wisepops.com/blog/signup-form-examples)_ on your website:
_[newsletter signup forms](https://wisepops.com/blog/best-newsletter-signup-
forms)_ , popups, and other onsite tools. Just add a field for a phone number
entry (available in all _[lead generation
tools](https://wisepops.com/blog/lead-generation-tools)_ , most likely
including the ones you’re using).

Example:

This popup offers a discount code in exchange for a phone number:

![sms popup product
promotion](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1235x606/b225f94c8a/image32.webp/m/)

You can create a campaign just like the _[website pop-up
example](/blog/website-pop-up-examples)_ above easily by adding a phone number
signup field to a signup form of your choice.

If you go with popups—

In Wisepops, this is done in a few clicks: in the popup editor, find **Phone**
in the **Blocks** menu and drag it onto the template like that:

![how to create sms popup to promote
products](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/600x368/bd09b5bdcc/image22.gif/m/)

Feel like experimenting? Dive right in and try our popup form builder.

Just create a free account to get started (takes less than a minute):

[Make SMS popup](https://id.wisepops.com/signup)

Inspiration for you:

**[Examples of SMS popups](/blog/sms-popup)**

**Expert tip: Collect emails and phone numbers with one campaign.**

You can accelerate lead generation by using two-step signup forms (one for
emails and another one for phone numbers). In fact, Blume’s SMS popup above is
a two-step popup form (see “Skip this step” under the button?) Clicking that
takes the visitor to the email signup.

### 9\. Free samples

Free product or service is a proven way to stimulate trial and awareness of
products (both popular and new ones).

This way to market products is popular in many industries. For example, online
clothing & accessories stores offer free samples in BOGO sales, and meal
subscription businesses give away free samples.

Example:

_[Sundays for Dogs](https://sundaysfordogs.com/)_ , a pet food store, promotes
its Chicken recipe with a free sample box:

![sundays for dogs welcome
popup](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1946x1274/d0275d7895/sundays-
example.webp/m/)

What is great about this way to promote products is that Sundays for Dogs
chose to display this offer on exit, e.g. when a visitor is about to leave
(hesitating whether to try their service).

A free sample can be that last step that stops shoppers from hesitating.

On top of that, the free samples also help with getting customer reviews for
the business, which, in turn, helps build reputation:

![review](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/590x197/ef09627a60/image26.webp/m/)

_**[Exit intent popup examples](/blog/exit-popup-examples)**_**** are
everywhere, partly because you can do a lot of things with them (product
promotions, driving traffic to product pages, reminding visitors of abandoned
carts, you name it).

And, of course, it also helps that exit popups convert _[3% of
visitors](/blog/popup-stats)_ on average (the top 10% convert 19.6%, though).

![Shop now sales
popup](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1578x1536/9850d7e88c/shop-now-sales-
popup.png/m/)

Free templates

Get a head start on designing exit intent popups. Browse our library of
designer-made popup templates:

➡️******[Go to templates](/popups-templates)**

###  10\. Sale promotions

A sale is obviously not the most groundbreaking but still one of the best ways
to promote products. But we’re going to focus here is that a diverse sales
strategy is the best.

That is, trying different types of sales is key.

Here are the sales promotions you can experiment with:

  * Percentage sale (“20% sitewide sale”)

  * Dollar value discount (“Get $20 off your order”)

  * Flash sales (those lasting 24 hours)

  * Product category sale (dresses sale, jackets sale, etc.)

  * Special sales (free upgrades, VIP discounts, etc.)

  * Holiday and seasonal promotions 

  * Free one-day shipping

  * “$X and under sale”

  * Brand birthday sale

So many sales you can promote your products with! Let’s now see a few examples
of campaigns advertising products using them.

Flash sale from Charlotte Bio (note how easy it is to apply the code):

![sale](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/927x466/a6772fab28/image28.webp/m/)

Next product promotion example—

[Net-a-porter’s](https://www.net-a-porter.com/) percentage sale on selected
products (note how they promote the sale in multiple ways: a website banner
and a small popup):

![website popup example
small](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1999x1029/622866cee0/image1.webp/m/)

Next—

A special sale.

[Pedego Harlem](https://pgoebikes.com/#) promotes two products by offering a
free product for buying them:

![how to promote product
upgrade](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1999x888/39bb8f27c1/image39.webp/m/)

If you’d like to see more examples—

**[Sales promotion examples](/blog/sales-promotion-examples)** from 20+ online
businesses.

![charlottebio](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/638x638/46c1628dbb/charlottebio.png/m/)

Flash sale case study

This online store generated 17% of monthly sales in six hours thanks to a
discount code promo:

**[Charlotte Bio flash sale strategy](/customers/charlotte-bio)**

###  11\. Product quiz

With quizzes, you can promote one, several, or an entire product collection.
They are one of the best ways to do so because they make the selection fun and
personalized.

Example:

Stumptown Coffee Roasters sells a bunch of different types of coffee (original
blends, organic, decaf, ground, and more). To promote their product range
(including new products) more effectively, they created a quiz for shoppers:

![quiz in a
popup](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1184x817/64d04f8b76/image18.webp/m/)

I took the [quiz](https://www.stumptowncoffee.com/pages/quiz) myself—it was
quite fun (even had to answer what my favorite season was).

Anyway—

In the end, the quiz generated a specific product recommendation:

![quiz
result](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1074x561/39f0771e06/image19.webp/m/)

This way, Stumptown uses [ecommerce personalization](/blog/ecommerce-
personalization) and encourages visitors to try their products in a non-pushy,
fun, and easy way.

You can do that, too—

All you need is to come up with questions and get a couple of [ecommerce
tools](/blog/ecommerce-tools) (say, _[Typeform](https://www.typeform.com/)_
for adding the quiz to your website and _[Wisepops](https://wisepops.com/)_ to
maximize awareness among visitors with _[popup forms](/blog/popup-forms)_ ,
onsite notifications, and bars).

![Expert
author](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/128x128/751e5a004d/eric-128x128.jpeg/m/)

_“The quiz also helps customers to find appropriate beard products based on
their lifestyle. And it helps us get a better grasp of our fans and their
interests."_

Eric Bandholz, founder, Beardbrand

Learn how product quizzes helped Beardbrand become a $7M business: **[Shopify
success stories](/blog/shopify-success-stories)**

###  12\. Product email

Your email subscribers are obviously your best bet to grow your business. So,
marketing your products and services with emails is a must.

Ideas to promote products with emails:

  * New product launch email

  * Product collection launch email

  * Email promoting only one product/feature

  * Email that focuses on the benefit of using a product

  * Email promoting multiple products

  * Email with a product review

  * Email with best sellers

Let’s now see a couple of examples.

Taylor Stitch promotes a best-selling product with a cool-looking email like
this:

![email product
promotion](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/699x1712/bd31118c41/image10.webp/m/)

[Holo Taco](https://holotaco.com/), a nail polish brand, is advertising the
new collection of chrome nail polish:

![email product promotion
2](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/670x1453/f167028421/image15.webp/m/)

### 13\. Social media marketing

Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, you name it—your business should be where your
customers are. That, of course, includes more than having a profile.

How to promote products on social media:

  * Make posts with high-quality lifestyle product images and short videos (reels)

  * Use _[Commerce Manager](https://www.facebook.com/business/tools/commerce-manager)_ to manage all product promotion activities on Facebook and Instagram

  * Mix product promotional content with educational content, how-to videos, and polls

  * Invest more in Tiktok product videos if your audience uses this platform (today, [fulfilling order through TikTok](https://www.shipbob.com/blog/fulfilled-by-tiktok-announcement/) is totally possible thanks to collaborations with shipping platforms)

  * Use customer-generated social media content and share it on your website, social media profiles, and email marketing campaigns

![facebook product
promotion](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1032x661/5364b41987/image24.webp/m/)

Last but not least—

Add social media links to your website and encourage people to follow.
Building your following is a non-stop process and the website is a good way to
start.

Tip:

Promote your Instagram posts on your website with shoppable feeds and onsite
notifications. This can be done with the
_[Instafeed](https://apps.shopify.com/powr-social-feed)_ app and by connecting
_[Wisepops and Instagram](https://support.wisepops.com/article/z7b6fiiujw-
instagram)_.

### 14\. Influencer marketing

Here’s how influencers can help you advertise products:

  * Contests

  * Giveaways

  * Unboxing videos

  * “How-to use” videos

  * Product reviews

Example:

Danny Packs, a social media influencer who reviews backpacks, made this video
reviewing Black Ember’s new product, the Shadow:

### 15\. Customer reviews

The vast majority of your potential customers use reviews to evaluate a
product or service before buying. So, reviews from previous customers can be a
powerful way to promote your product.

To get started with this strategy:

  * **Get a product review app to speed things up**. If your store is on Shopify, try an app like _[Judge.me](http://Judge.me)_ or _[Rivo](https://apps.shopify.com/rivo-reviews)_ (both have free plans)—they’ll help automate collecting reviews

  * **Encourage your customers to leave reviews**. An easy way is to send emails to those who bought your products

  * **Display reviews in prominent places on your website.** Those places include product pages, the homepage, menu pages

Examples:

Taylor Stitch displays reviews on products pages in sections:

![customer
reviews](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1276x832/5ee3b6a578/image2.webp/m/)

Next—

You can also display reviews in popup forms to maximize product awareness and
interest:

![exit popup with
review](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1258x728/e050aff741/screenshot-2023-04-05-at-5-37-07-pm.webp/m/)

**Idea:**

**Show a review of a product to visitors who viewed it but went to other
pages.**

Creating this campaign is easy: just copy the text of the review to the popup
and add a link to the product to the CTA button.

### 16\. Blog content

You can promote your products with long articles, videos, short posts, how-to
guides, listicles, and other blog content. Each piece you make can be an
informative and useful source that introduces potential customers to your
product and expertise.

Example:

Snif sells fine fragrances and scented candles.

The blog at Snif is full of advice that educates visitors on anything related
to those products:

![blog](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/1138x769/904c360d97/image6.webp/m/)

Every piece of content is, of course, an opportunity to promote products.

Example:

The piece on “Nostalgic smells that will take you way back”—I couldn’t resist
finding out what those were—has a long list, with each one featuring a link to
a product (highlighted):

![product promotion in
content](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/761x163/ffc0b39a27/image20.webp/m/)

**Results of Wisepops seasonal campaign contest**

See examples of campaigns made by marketers like you: **[Seasonal campaign
contest](/blog/seasonal-campaign-contest)**

##  Summary

You can market your products and services in so many ways, as you can see.

I recommend building your strategy by combining the onsite and offsite
channels into one plan. Since the best way to promote products depends on your
customers and their behavior, you’ll be able to cover more touchpoints this
way.

Also, let me recommend our tool, Wisepops, for onsite promotion. It gives you
four channels: onsite feed, popups (of any kind), embeds (signup forms you can
add anywhere on your website), and website bars.

Give it a go with **[a free trial](/increase-sales)** —as you’ve seen from
this post, it helped many online stores achieve impressive results.

![](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/600x600/5488957124/oleksii-1.png/m/480x0)###
[Oleksii Kovalenko](/authors/oleksii-kovalenko)

Oleksii Kovalenko is a digital marketing expert and a writer with a degree in
international marketing. He has seven years of experience helping ecommerce
store owners promote their businesses by writing detailed, in-depth guides.

**Education:**

Master's in International Marketing, Academy of Municipal Administration

Product

[Feed](/feed)

[Popups](/popups)

[Web Push](/web-push)

[AI Product Recommendations](/product-recommendations)

[Embeds](/embeds)

Resources

[Blog](/blog/)

[Case Studies](/customers/)

[Help center](https://support.wisepops.com)

[Community](https://community.wisepops.com)

[Templates](/popups-templates)

[Onsite Marketing Academy](/onsite-marketing-academy)

Comparisons

[Klaviyo](/wisepops-vs-klaviyo-sign-up-forms)

[Sleeknote](/wisepops-vs-sleeknote)

[Justuno](/wisepops-vs-justuno)

[Popupsmart](/wisepops-vs-popupsmart)

[OptiMonk](/wisepops-vs-optimonk)

[Poptin](/wisepops-vs-poptin)

[OptinMonster](/wisepops-vs-optinmonster)

Company

[Team](/team)

[About us](/about-us)

[Contact](/contact-us)

[Customers](/customers/)

[Partner Program](/partner-program)

[Affiliate Program](/affiliate-program)

[Service status](https://status.wisepops.com)

[Roadmap](https://bit.ly/46oU0Y4)

[![wisepops-
logotype](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/417x64/8b0cab0846/wisepops-
logotype.svg)](/)

[Terms of Use](/terms-of-service) , [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy) and
[Cookies Preferences](https://support.wisepops.com/article/chyhkm9j7z-data-
and-cookie-policy?openCookieModal)

© 2024 Wisepops, LLC. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their
respective owners.

[![facebook-icn](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/21x21/089d29d85b/facebook-
icn.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/wisepops/)

[![linkedin-icn](https://a.storyblok.com/f/156985/21x21/a19629b8a7/linkedin-
icn.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/Wisepops)

[Help](https://support.wisepops.com/#confirm-consent)

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads,
and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Allow all", you consent to our use of
cookies as described in our [Privacy Policy](https://wisepops.com/privacy-
policy).

You can change your preferences at any time.

Allow allDeny all

