Skip to main content

[Sign in](/in/login/)

[Zendesk Help Centre](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/)

Company

  * [Contact us](/in/contact/)
  * [About us](/in/about/)
  * [Press](/in/company/press/)
  * [Events](/in/company/events/)
  * [Careers](https://www.zendesk.com/careers/)
  * [Inclusion & belonging](/in/belonging/)
  * [Sustainability](/in/sustainability/)
  * [Legal](/in/company/legal/)

[Contact us](/in/contact/)

English (India)

  * [English (US)](https://www.zendesk.com/blog/sales-strategy/)
  * [English (Australia)](https://www.zendesk.com/au/blog/sales-strategy/)
  * [English (India)](https://www.zendesk.com/in/blog/sales-strategy/)
  * [English (Singapore)](https://www.zendesk.com/sg/blog/sales-strategy/)

[](/in/)

Products

  * [Zendesk for customer serviceThe complete service solution](/in/service/)
  * [Zendesk for employee serviceTreat employees like customers](/in/employee-service/)
  * [Sunshine platformFast, open and flexible](/in/platform/)
  * [MarketplaceApps, integrations and partners](/in/marketplace/)

Pricing

  * [Zendesk for serviceThe complete service solution](/in/pricing/featured/)

Solutions

  * [EnterpriseHave conversations at scale](/in/enterprise/)
  * [Small and medium businessesGrow without growing pains](/in/smb/)
  * [StartupsStart off on the right foot](/in/startups/)
  * [IndustriesMeet your market’s needs](/in/industries/)

[Demo](/in/demo/)

Resources

  * [BlogGuides, reports and best practice](/in/blog/)
  * [Events and webinarsLearn from wherever you are](/in/company/events/)
  * [CommunityConnect, learn and engage with Zendesk users](/in/zendesk-community/)
  * [Professional servicesGet hands-on help, dedicated support or expert guidance](/in/customer-experience/professional-services/#professional-services/)
  * [What’s new with ZendeskCheck out recent product updates](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/sections/4405298877338-What-s-New-in-Zendesk/)
  * [API and developersInfo for building things with Zendesk](/in/developers/)
  * [PartnersHow to locate or become a Zendesk partner](/in/partner/)
  * [Customer storiesSee what success with Zendesk looks like](/in/why-zendesk/customers/)
  * [Trust and securityYour business is protected with Zendesk](/in/trust-center/)
  * [Zendesk Help Centre](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/)

[Free trial](/in/register/)[Demo](/in/demo/)

[](/in/)

[Start free trial](/in/register/)

[Zendesk blog](/in/blog/)

[Best practices](/in/blog/tags/best-practices/)

By product solution

  * [Customer experience](/in/blog/tags/customer-experience-best-practices/)
  * [AI and automation](/in/blog/tags/artificial-intelligence/)
  * [Chat and messaging](/in/blog/tags/messaging/)
  * [Help centre](/in/blog/tags/help-center/)
  * [Analytics and data](/in/blog/tags/customer-service-metrics-data/)

By role

  * [Customer support](/in/blog/tags/service/)
  * [Sales](/in/blog/tags/sales/)

[Tools](/in/blog/tags/tools-and-media/)

  * [Tools and templates](/in/blog/tags/tools-and-templates/)
  * [Guides and ebooks](/in/blog/tags/guide/)
  * [Podcast | Conversations with Zendesk](/in/blog/tags/conversations-with-zendesk-podcast/)
  * [Podcast | Sit Down Startup](/in/blog/tags/zendesk-podcast-sit-down-startup/)
  * [Zendesk on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/zendesk/)

Featured guides

  * [What is customer service?](/in/blog/customer-service-skills/)
  * [What is customer experience? Definition + how to improve](/in/blog/why-companies-should-invest-in-the-customer-experience/)
  * [What is a ticketing system? (+3 ways companies use them)](/in/blog/ticketing-system/)

[Executive insights](/in/blog/tags/executive-insights/)

  * [Research and trends](/in/blog/tags/customer-service-trends/)
  * [Reports](/in/blog/tags/reports/)

Search

[Zendesk blog](/in/blog/)

Search

# How to create a sales strategy that works in 2022 (tips and examples)

Here’s a five-step approach to create a sales strategy that attracts,
converts, and retains.

Donny Kelwig

Contributing Writer

  * [](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https://zdsk.co/3g5YKME&text=How%20to%20create%20a%20sales%20strategy%20that%20works%20in%202022%20\(tips%20and%20examples\))
  * [](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://zdsk.co/3MwbI2q)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https://zdsk.co/3RYpPi7)
  * [](https://www.zendesk.com/public/assets/sitemaps/in/feed.xml)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%271104%27%20height=%27552%27/%3e)![Sales
strategy](https://web-assets.zendesk.com/images/AMER/salesstrategy.jpg)

Want to create an effective sales strategy? Start here with our five-step
approach.

Give your sales team the best chance at success by equipping it with a
strategic sales strategy plan.

## What is a sales strategy?

The product or service you’re selling is the “what”—the strategy you use to
sell it is the “how.”

Whatever you’re selling, whether it’s a cutting-edge software platform or the
best cupcake in town, you need a streamlined plan for how you’re going to sell
it. As great as software and cupcakes are, they don’t sell themselves—that’s
up to your sales strategy.

Strategizing is all about doing your planning on the front end, so you’re not
constantly cleaning up messes after deciding to wing it. It’s like drawing a
detailed roadmap to your final destination before you leave, so you can
eliminate the chances of winding up on a dead-end road with no gas station.

In this guide, we’ll offer a comprehensive sales strategy definition, identify
some of the most effective sales strategies, and offer a five-step framework
for developing a sales strategy for your business.

Let’s start with the basics.

## Types of sales strategies

Just as there are different types of businesses, there are different types of
sales strategies to suit them. Choosing the right approach for your company is
key to making sure you’re not pulling more weight uphill than you need to.
Here are eight examples of effective sales strategies:

### 1\. Know your product and your customer

It’s vital that your sales reps know your product inside and out. They need to
be able to confidently speak to the features and benefits of your product or
service while also handling any hard-hitting questions or criticisms from
potential customers. Thorough product training is essential for excellent
sales.

Understanding your customer base is similarly important. Knowing who your
primary customers are and what’s important to them allows you to pitch and
market in a way that speaks directly to your target audience. If your product
or service benefits daily commuters, consider taking out a subway ad. Does
your product assist visiting tourists? A billboard in an area for sightseers
might be the most effective placement.

### 2\. Use social media to boost sales

As you consider which approaches will best appeal to your customer base, you
also need to consider which social media platforms will speak to them. Where
are your target customers spending their time? Find out and make an effort to
meet them where they are.

Your marketing language and tone may need to shift depending on what platform
you’re using. You want to connect with potential clients, not come off as
stiff or cringely out of touch on social platforms. Stay active, post
consistently, and make important or repeat customers feel valued by sharing or
commenting on their posts.

### 3\. Cold call and email

Some customers who might be perfect fits for your business have no idea you
exist. It’s vital to do the legwork to get the word out about your amazing
product, service, or organization. Cold calling or cold emailing clients may
seem daunting, but the more you do, the higher your chances are of finding a
great lead and increasing your conversion rates.

### 4\. Be flexible to meet the customer’s needs

Potential clients will be drawn to your company and your products for a wide
variety of reasons. Some might come to you with unique needs or interests that
require a new tactic. Never shut down or dismiss a customer’s desires.
Instead, make sure your sales strategy is adaptable. You want to meet leads
where they are and offer quick solutions to their problems.

Get creative and work on visualizing how your offering can be a solution to
their specific problem. After all, something engaging or appealing about your
business drew them here in the first place — you probably have what they need.

### 5\. Always follow-up

Consistent, regular follow-ups can help foster trust between your prospects
and your business. You want every potential customer to feel like they are
important to you (because they are!) Letting your prospects know that you are
thoughtful and consistent in your sales process will indicate that you’ll be
just as thoughtful and consistent moving forward in a collaboration or
partnership.

Things come up that can distract a lead from your offering or cause them to
miss or decline your sales call. Reaching back out may feel like an intrusion,
but it’s often a welcome reminder. If you’re worried about irritating
potential customers, you can always offer to follow up at the customer’s
convenience and then reach out at their selected day and time.

### 6\. Demonstrate the effectiveness of your product or service

You want customers to believe in your product and trust your company. There’s
no better way to convince them than to demonstrate exactly how the product
works and how it will solve their pain points. Offering a trial period or free
demo are tangible ways to build value and transparency. Be sure to explicitly
explain how particular features would translate into real benefits for the
customer.

### 7\. Be solution-focused

Whether potential customers are looking to resolve critical issues or improve
upon business practices, all prospects will approach your organization with
problems that need solving. Having a fantastic product is great, but it’s even
more essential to ensure your prospect understands how your product is going
to solve their particular problem.

Stay goal-oriented and always offer specific, personalized solutions for each
potential client. Keep them thinking about the improved end result. This will
allow your prospects to clearly see the value of your product or service and
feel less hesitation about moving forward.

### 8\. Retain your repeat customers

While it’s important to hook new prospects and secure new deals, it’s equally
if not more important to nurture your existing relationships with customers to
ensure that they continue to buy from you. How you close a deal is just as
important as how you start one. Make sure you’ve delivered on everything
you’ve promised and leave the customer completely satisfied.

Loyal, happy customers are more likely to recommend you to other potential
buyers, as well as to return and patronize your business again and again.
Always go the extra mile to build a personal connection with your clients and
to let them know that you would love to help them with their future needs and
projects.

## Inbound vs. outbound strategy

Inbound sales is the process by which interested customers come to you. Their
interest is built on their existing knowledge of your company and product,
which they found through online marketing materials like blogs, social media
posts, and optimized web pages.

In outbound sales, the sales rep initiates first contact. The contact might
know a lot about your company, or they may know next to nothing. That means an
outbound sales strategy should include tactics for how your reps will address
every level of awareness and keep the contact’s interest.

With inbound sales, you can assume that these leads are already well-informed
about your product or service. You don’t need to overwhelm these potential
customers with a ton of general information. Instead, the sales rep should
nurture these leads on a more personal level and offer information about their
more specific needs and questions.

Your sales and marketing strategies must be closely aligned to ensure the
inbound leads coming to you won't waste your time. A large part of developing
a sales strategy for inbound sales is making sure your marketing efforts are
attracting the most qualified buyers. If they aren’t, your sales reps could
end up wasting company resources trying to nurture bad leads.

In contrast, outbound sales are much more of a numbers game. The more
prospects your sales reps cold call or email, the more chances you’ll have of
initiating contact with a qualified buyer. Your outbound sales strategy needs
to include A/B testing and optimizing of outreach efforts. By analyzing which
strategies and channels had the best responses, you can adjust your approach
in order to ensure the highest possible conversion rates.

A strong outbound sales strategy involves prioritizing wide outreach to draw
potential customers in, while a strong inbound sales strategy focuses more on
carefully nurturing prospects that are already interested in your business.

## How to create a sales strategy plan in 5 steps

If you perform a search for strategic sales plan examples, you’re going to
find a wide range of formats. This sales strategy example business plan can
(and should) be tweaked to fit your business model, but the framework is a
good starting point.

### Step 1: Identify sales goals

Your sales goals provide direction for your entire strategy and serve as
targets for your team. However, a goal that’s too ambitious can cause burnout
and damage morale, while a goal that isn’t ambitious enough drags down
progress.

The key to setting goals is finding a comfortable middle ground where goals
are realistic and achievable. Here are some things you can do to ensure your
goals land squarely in your comfort zone.

  * **Assess your company resources**  
Which resources does your sales department have, and how could they help or
hinder your team from reaching their targets? Do you have enough salespeople?
Do you have [the tools](https://www.zendesk.com/sell/features/sales-tools/),
such as a CRM, to quickly move leads through the sales pipeline? Make sure
your operations are positioned to succeed.

  * **Review past customer data**  
It's important to create reasonable goals for the upcoming year. Maybe a
significant amount of customers churned last year, so your goal is to improve
retention. Or perhaps you have a larger sales team that can handle a higher
volume, so you want to focus on [customer acquisition](/in/blog/what-is-
customer-acquisition/). Use this data to determine goals that are both
realistic and useful for your sales team.

  * **Use the[S.M.A.R.T.](/in/blog/setting-sales-goals/) model**  
Actionable goals are S.M.A.R.T.—specific, measurable, achievable, relevant,
and time-bound. Examples of S.M.A.R.T. goals could be “increase deal size by
35 percent through upsells” or “achieve $1 million in sales during 2022.”

Once your overall sales goals are set, work backward. Set realistic short-term
deadlines for the steps your sales department and reps must take to ensure
that final goals are reached.

### Step 2: Nail down your market fit

Understanding how your brand fits in its market is essential in sales. If you
can’t articulate your brand’s unique value, you’re unlikely to persuasively
sell your product or service.

**Conduct a SWOT analysis**  
One way to identify how you fit in your market is to create a
[SWOT](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/swot.asp) (strengths, weaknesses,
opportunities, and threats) analysis. This information will help you
understand which opportunities you can leverage and which threats might hinder
your sales team from effectively selling your product or service in your
target market.

Here are a few questions you might answer when following this model:

  * What specific need does our product/service solve in our target market?

  * What is our value proposition?

  * Are there internal and external obstacles for our sales department that could stop us from achieving our goals?

### Step 3: Build customer personas

Your buyer persona is a fictitious profile that describes your ideal customer
and why they want your product or service.

  

A buyer persona should include the following information:

  * A fictitious name and title such as “Dana Matthews, CPA”

  * The person’s industry, age, salary, and education

  * Their goals and challenges

  * How your value proposition aligns with their wants/needs

![Buyer persona
example](https://d1eipm3vz40hy0.cloudfront.net/images/blog/buyer-persona-
example.png)

[](https://blog.alexa.com/10-buyer-persona-examples-help-create/)

[_Source ___](https://blog.alexa.com/10-buyer-persona-examples-help-create/)

__To create buyer persona profiles, first divide your customers
into[segments](https://www.shopify.com/encyclopedia/customer-segmentation)
based on shared characteristics—industry, location, demographic, etc. Then,
create a single [buyer persona](https://www.sellbrite.com/blog/ecommerce-
sellers-can-build-buyer-personas-connect-customers/) profile for each of those
segments.__

__Work closely with your marketing team on this project—after all, they’re
also bringing in leads and need to be on the same page as to what constitutes
qualified ones. Personas should be referred to regularly by sales reps and
marketing team members to ensure they’re prospecting the right people.  
__

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### 7 secrets of sales leadership

Read the full list of sales leader secrets to find out how these managers are
getting the most out of their teams.

[Read now](/in/blog/7-secrets-sales-leadership/)

###  __Step 4: Identify opportunities for improvement in the customer
journey__

 __Look closely at how customers are currently moving from being prospects to
making a purchase. If you understand this journey, you’re able to determine
efficient ways to convert customers in the coming year.__

__Here are a few ways to identify opportunities for improvements:__

  * __**Reach out to your current customers**  
Ask them about their interactions with your brand and what they appreciated or
disliked. Are reps pushing a sale or focused on the customer relationship? Do
customers feel neglected after the sale has been made? Find this information
through informal conversations or surveys.__

  * __**Determine what drives (or hampers) purchases**  
Ask current or prospective customers about obstacles to purchase. Is budget a
common factor? Or is your product difficult to understand? You might need to
include more affordable package options or coach your reps in explaining how
your product/service works.__

  * __**Review your competitors’ customer journeys**  
What methods are competitors using to capture the attention of their
customers? What platforms do they use? Research competitor website content,
social media platforms, and customer reviews. By knowing the specific journey
that your customers are taking and what they like or dislike about the
process, your sales team will be able to craft a customer journey that
attracts and converts more prospects.__

### __Step 5: Outline an action plan__

![sales
strategy](https://d1eipm3vz40hy0.cloudfront.net/images/AMER/salesstrategy1.jpg)

 __You know what you want your reps to achieve—now help them get there. To
build this plan, use the research you completed in steps 2 through 4 to define
the tasks reps need to follow to meet the goals you set in step 1.__

__The tasks you outline for your reps are going to be unique to your team and
stem from the research you did prior to this step. Here are a few examples of
customer acquisition and retention tasks you might set for your team:__

  * **Generate leads through social selling**

 __Reach prospects by answering questions on Quora or participating in
LinkedIn groups related to your industry. Provide value on these platforms and
build relationships with those you meet.__

  * **Source leads from support ticket conversations.**

__Source important leads that typically fall through the cracks by integrating
support tickets within your CRM, so reps can see the questions customers are
asking and determine who would benefit from your product/service.__

  * **Go for the upsell**

 __If your company is proving your value to customers, don’t be afraid to
suggest an upgrade to the customer. Highlight the benefits that your product
or service is already bringing to the table and how additional features could
help.__

  * **Ask for referrals from current customers**  
A strong relationship sales strategy can put you in a position to comfortably
ask satisfied customers if they would be willing to provide a referral. Target
the top 20 percent of your customers and ask for an introduction to similar
companies.

__By setting an action plan, you ensure that your entire team is on track to
meet your company’s sales goals.__

## Four tips for developing a sales strategy

 __Here are some tips for developing a sales strategy statement that’s
flexible enough to allow for course correction where needed but solid enough
to be clear in its direction and next steps.__

  1. **Champion your USP**  
Establish a [unique selling proposition](/in/blog/unique-selling-proposition/)
that everyone understands and can articulate clearly. Your USP is what makes
your product or service stand out from the competition, even if your pricing
and offerings are nearly identical on paper. Each salesperson can have their
own opinions on what makes their product good, but there should also be a
_single_ value that everyone champions that’s unique to your organization.

__A marketing sales strategy is extremely helpful in creating and effectively
communicating your USP. Marketing sales strategies align the two departments.
Alignment assists with unifying your brand voice so there’s a seamless
transition between a lead viewing your online content and speaking to an
actual sales rep. This will help avoid errors and missed opportunities to let
leads in on why your company and product are so special.__

  2. **Create urgency**  
If your product or service is something that people can do without for a
while, they can easily make a decision to not purchase from you or anyone
else. You need to come up with a concrete reason for why your qualified buyers
shouldn’t wait to purchase down the road. You don’t want qualified leads with
buying power to move on or forget your company.

__That said, don’t use scare tactics. Instead, juxtapose any negative imagery
with the positive image affiliated with using your product or service. Make
leads feel as though delaying to buy will cause them to miss out (on savings,
on increased efficiency, or on whatever other wonderful benefits your
organization offers.) This emphasizes positive acquisitions while also
creating a sense of urgency.__

  3. **Examine your past**  
Speak to your best sales reps and find out where they’ve found the most
success in the past. Not every sales rep’s behavior can be quantified, but
your best sellers often have valuable insight into what works and what
doesn’t. Keep in mind that these insights don’t have to be taken at face
value. Plus, you can gain just as much insight from strategies that worked as
strategies that didn’t work.

__As you use these insights to develop your strategy, make sure you are
effectively communicating every aspect of your plan back to your team members.
Back up your decisions with hard data and draw a distinct line between your
goals and how you plan to achieve them. If your team understands why you’re
pursuing certain metrics or goals, they’re more likely to give you their full
effort.__

  4. **Don’t ignore existing customers**  
While it may feel more exciting to win a new client as opposed to working with
an old one, the truth is that [repeat customers spend 67 percent more than new
ones](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/6-reasons-why-repeat-customers-better-
than-new-henry-tabansi/). Your existing customers are a huge force for
generating revenue, and you should have a strategy for selling to them, too.
Don’t assume that just because they’ve purchased once, they’ll purchase again.

__With time, recurring personalized care, and attention, customers will
develop trust in your business and be more likely to purchase with you in the
future.__

## Good and bad strategic sales plan examples

 __A bad roadmap can be as disastrous as having no roadmap at all. You could
even argue that it’s worse.__

__To give you an idea of what a good strategy looks like, we’ll dissect two
weak excerpts from strategic sales plan examples. We’ll pinpoint their
weaknesses, make suggestions for improvements, and then provide a revised
sales strategy example for comparison.__

### Example 1: Goals

![sales
strategy](https://d1eipm3vz40hy0.cloudfront.net/images/AMER/salesstrategy2.jpg)

 __In this first strategic sales plan example, we’ll examine the first step of
our 5-step plan: identify your sales goal.__

#### The scenario

 __A business that sells educational materials to schools, libraries, and
learning centers has been building up its offering of digital products. The
company wants to push sales of its digital packages and move to more
subscription-based offerings. So, the team is devising a sales and marketing
strategy that includes creating more free online content.  
__

#### Stated goal

 __The goal is to increase sales of digital products and shift revenue away
from hard-copy materials in order to reduce supply costs and expand our target
market.  
__

#### What’s wrong with it?

__This goal is far too vague in terms of measurement. Your plan should always
include measurable metrics and time frames that are determined by a realistic
analysis of past sales, current trends, and available resources. Your goal
should be stated in terms of quantifiable targets, which you can track and
trace to the specific activities that influenced them.  
__

#### Revised goal

 __Our goal is to increase sales of digital products by 35 percent over the
course of the first two quarters. In that same time frame, we also aim to
convert 10 percent of existing customers currently purchasing hard-copy
material to digital subscription-based packages.__

### Example 2: Action plan

![sales
strategy](https://d1eipm3vz40hy0.cloudfront.net/images/AMER/salesstrategy3.jpg)

 __Let’s imagine that our hypothetical company has done a proper SWOT analysis
and has a strong grasp of customer personas. We’ll jump to the fifth step of
developing a sales strategy and examine the company’s action plan.__

#### The action plan

  * Establish a strong presence on LinkedIn to engage more educators and make them aware of our free online content. 

  * Participate in more educational conferences and bring live demonstrations of new digital products.

  * Create more free downloadable content like digital worksheets, slides, and lesson plans to attract new prospects.

#### What’s wrong with it?

__Who is deciding what a “strong presence” on LinkedIn looks like? How many
more educators is “enough?” How many educational conferences can you attend,
and how many attendees will you be able to reach? Also, none of these actions
draw a clear line to the stated goals from earlier. If you have goals for new
and existing customers, your action plan should lay out specific actions to
serve both targets.  
__

#### Revised goal

  * Publish at least two LinkedIn posts every week to drive engagement with our existing customer base.

  * Attend the three education conferences with the highest attendance rates from the past three years.

  * Add 15 new pieces of free content every quarter, addressing the full range of the five most common pain points expressed by our highest spending accounts.

__Strategic sales strategy plans will vary in length depending on the
complexity of your sales process. If you take away anything from these
strategic sales strategy examples, it should be that specificity is key.__

__Numbers can be adjusted if need be. But the important thing is that you can
track your progress and draw a direct correlation between your strategies and
their outcomes. That ensures you can replicate the successful tactics and
eliminate the others.__

## Perfect your sales strategy with a strong CRM

 __Staying organized and tracking your progress becomes easy and intuitive
with a good CRM. Zendesk Sell was recently named best CRM for collaboration by
Business News Daily, and can help break down communication barriers and keep
your collaborative projects on track and accessible. Learn more about[Zendesk
Sell](https://www.zendesk.com/sell/) or [reach out with questions or
inquiries](https://www.zendesk.com/contact/). __

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

### 7 secrets of sales leadership

Read the full list of sales leader secrets to find out how these managers are
getting the most out of their teams.

[Read now](/in/blog/7-secrets-sales-leadership/)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)

#### Zendesk in Action - APAC

Join us to learn the best practices and proven strategies needed to create a
better service experience for both your customers and your team, and better
understand how emerging tech like AI can be implemented today to level up your
service delivery.

[Watch on-demand](https://www.zendesk.com/au/lp/zendesk-in-action-hub)

[](/in/)

#### Champions of customer service

## Our Products

  * [Zendesk for customer service](/in/service/)
  * [Zendesk for employee service](/in/employee-service/)
  * [Sunshine Platform](/in/platform/)
  * [Marketplace](/in/marketplace/)
  * [Product updates](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/sections/4405298877338-What-s-New-in-Zendesk/)

## Top Features

  * [Ticketing system](/in/service/ticketing-system/)
  * [Messaging & live chat](/in/service/messaging/)
  * [Help centre](/in/service/help-center/)
  * [Voice](/in/service/voice/)
  * [Community forums](/in/service/community-forum/)
  * [Reporting & analytics](/in/service/analytics/)
  * [Answer Bot](/in/service/ai/)
  * [Customer service software](/in/service/ticketing-system/customer-service-management-software/)
  * [Help desk ticketing software](/in/service/help-desk-software/ticketing-system/)
  * [Live chat software](/in/service/messaging/live-chat/)
  * [Knowledge base](/in/service/help-center/knowledge-base-software/)
  * [Forum software](/in/service/help-center/community-software/)
  * [Help desk software](/in/service/help-desk-software/)
  * [Quality assurance](/in/service/quality-assurance/)
  * [Workforce management](/in/service/workforce-management/)
  * [Advanced Data Privacy and Protection](/in/customer-data-privacy-protection/)

## Resources

  * [Security](/in/trust-center/)
  * [Product support](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/)
  * [Request a demo](/in/demo/)
  * [Blog](/in/blog/)
  * [Training](https://training.zendesk.com/)
  * [Partners](/in/partner/)
  * [Webinars](/in/company/events/#webinars)
  * [Customer stories](/in/why-zendesk/customers/)
  * [Services](/in/customer-experience/)
  * [Zendesk Help centre](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/)

## Company

  * [About us](/in/about/)
  * [Press](/in/company/press/)
  * [Events](/in/company/events/)
  * [Careers](https://www.zendesk.com/careers/)
  * [Inclusion & belonging](/in/belonging/)
  * [Sustainability](/in/sustainability/)
  * [Contact us](/in/contact/)
  * [Sitemap](/in/sitemap/)
  * [Systems status](https://status.zendesk.com)
  * [Zendesk Foundation](https://www.zendesk.org)
  * [Zendesk Ventures](/in/ventures/)
  * [Legal](/in/company/legal/)

## Favourite Things

  * [What is Zendesk?](/in/what-is-zendesk/)
  * [Zendesk for Enterprise](/in/enterprise/)
  * [Zendesk for Small Business](/in/smb/)
  * [Zendesk for Startups](/in/startups/)
  * [Zendesk Benchmark](/in/benchmark/)
  * [Customer Experience Trends](https://cxtrends.zendesk.com/apac?utm_medium=webpromo&utm_source=footer&utm_campaign=Other_Channel_Organic_other_APAC_2024_CXT-2025_webpromo_footer)

* * *

## Enter the fold

Subscribe to our newsletter.

Subscribe

Use your work email to smoothly connect customer emails and existing apps, and
also invite team members.

  * [](https://www.twitter.com/zendesk)
  * [](https://www.facebook.com/zendesk)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/zendesk)
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/zendesk)
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/zendesk)

[Terms of use](/in/company/agreements-and-terms/terms-of-use/)[Privacy
notice](/in/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/)[Cookie
notice](/in/company/agreements-and-terms/cookie-notice/)Cookie settings[Trust
Centre](/in/trust-center/)[©Zendesk 2025](/in/company/legal/)

We use cookies to provide visitors with the best possible experience on our
website. These include analytics, functionality, and targeting cookies, which
may also be used in our marketing efforts. Click the 'Accept All' button to
agree to the use of cookies or click 'Cookie Settings' to manage your
preferences. To opt out of non-essential cookies, click 'Reject All'.[Cookie
Notice](/company/policies-procedures/cookie-policy/)

Cookie settings Reject all Accept all

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/ot_company_logo.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

Zendesk uses web cookies to collect information about you when you visit our
Site. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device.
At Zendesk, we may use this information for purposes that include ensuring
basic functionality of our Sites; remembering user preferences, including your
cookie preferences; measuring the effectiveness of our Sites, marketing
campaigns, and email communications; and personalizing online content.

Please review the different category headings below to learn more and adjust
the cookie settings on your current device. Please note that you will need to
ensure that each web browser is adjusted to reflect your preferences if you
use different computers or mobile devices.

For more information about how Zendesk uses web cookies, please see our
[Cookie Notice](https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/cookie-
notice/).

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Essential Cookies

Always Active

Essential cookies enable core site functionality. These cookies are necessary
for the Site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You may
set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but parts of the
website may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

Functional cookies enable the Site to provide enhanced functionality and
personalization. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers
whose services we have added to our Site.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Analytics Cookies

Analytics Cookies

Analytics cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can
measure and improve the performance of our Site. These cookies help us to know
which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around
the Site.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies, such as social media cookies, may be set through our Site
by our advertising service providers, third-party advertisers, ad networks, or
data exchange partners. These cookies may be used to show you relevant
advertising on other third-party sites.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=744051264&_biz_u=9301675c8d8941e6bb8d95b3a69bf3a8&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.zendesk.com%2Fin%2Fblog%2Fsales-
strategy%2F&_biz_t=1749042371335&_biz_i=How%20to%20create%20a%20great%20sales%20strategy%3A%20Tips%2C%20types%2C%20and%20examples%20%7C%20Zendesk%20India&_biz_n=0&rnd=57074&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1749042371335)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=9301675c8d8941e6bb8d95b3a69bf3a8&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.zendesk.com%2Fin%2Fblog%2Fsales-
strategy%2F&_biz_t=1749042371336&_biz_i=How%20to%20create%20a%20great%20sales%20strategy%3A%20Tips%2C%20types%2C%20and%20examples%20%7C%20Zendesk%20India&rnd=675026&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1749042371336)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/u?mapType=mkto&mapValue=id%3A819-RRQ-060%26token%3A_mch-
zendesk.com-
fe8bcac7ceb8af769fa079e39ec7fab6&_biz_u=9301675c8d8941e6bb8d95b3a69bf3a8&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.zendesk.com%2Fin%2Fblog%2Fsales-
strategy%2F&_biz_t=1749042371336&_biz_i=How%20to%20create%20a%20great%20sales%20strategy%3A%20Tips%2C%20types%2C%20and%20examples%20%7C%20Zendesk%20India&_biz_n=1&rnd=678517&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1749042371437)

