Skip to Content

[![Shopify logo](https://cdn.shopify.com/b/shopify-
brochure2-assets/12f2aab308f98e62df7531704b44acbf.svg)](/)

  * Solutions

Start

    * [Start your business.Build your brand](/start)
    * [Create your website.Online store editor](/website/builder)
    * [Customize your store.Store themes](https://themes.shopify.com/)
    * [Find business apps.Shopify app store](https://apps.shopify.com/)
    * [Own your site domain.Domains & hosting](/domains)
    * [Explore free business tools.Tools to run your business](/tools)

Sell

    * [Sell your products.Sell online or in person](/sell)
    * [Check out customers.World-class checkout](/checkout)
    * [Sell online.Grow your business online](/online)
    * [Sell across channels.Reach millions of shoppers and boost sales](/channels)
    * [Sell in person.Point of Sale (POS)](/pos)
    * [Sell globally.International sales](/international)
    * [Sell wholesale & direct.Business-to-business (B2B)](/plus/solutions/b2b-ecommerce)
    * [Accept online payments.Set up forms of payment](/payments)

Market

    * [Market your business.Reach & retain customers](/marketing)
    * [Market across social.Social media integrations](/facebook-instagram)
    * [Chat with customers.Shopify Inbox](/inbox)
    * [Nurture customers.Shopify Email](/email-marketing)
    * [Know your audience.Gain customer insights](/segmentation)

Manage

    * [Manage your business.Track sales, orders & analytics](/manage)
    * [Manage your finances & access funding.Shopify Finance](/finance)
    * [Measure your performance.Analytics and Reporting](/analytics)
    * [Ship orders faster.Shopify Shipping](/shipping)
    * [Manage your stock & orders.Inventory & order management](/orders)
    * [Outsource fulfillment & returns.Shopify Fulfillment Network](/fulfillment)
    * [Automate your business.Shopify Flow](/flow)

    * [Shopify Developers.Build with Shopify's powerful APIs](https://shopify.dev)
    * [Plus.A commerce solution for growing digital brands](/plus)
    * [All Products.Explore all Shopify products & features](/products)

  * [Pricing](/pricing)

  * Resources

Help and support

    * [Help and support.Get 24/7 support](https://help.shopify.com/en/)
    * [How-to guides.Read in-depth business guides](/blog/topics/guides)
    * [Business courses.Learn from proven experts](https://www.shopifyacademy.com/)
    * [Shopify blog.Business strategy tips](/blog)

Popular topics

    * [What is Shopify?.How our commerce platform works](/blog/what-is-shopify)
    * [Shopify Editions.New, innovative Shopify products](/editions)
    * [Founder stories.Learn from successful merchants](/blog/topics/founder-stories)
    * [Branding.Build your brand from scratch](/blog/how-to-build-a-brand)
    * [Marketing.Build a marketing plan](/blog/marketing-plan)
    * [Ecommerce SEO.Improve your search ranking](/blog/ecommerce-seo-beginners-guide)
    * [Social media strategy.Turn social into sales](/blog/topics/social-media-optimization)
    * [Business growth.Scale your business](/blog/how-to-scale-small-business)

Essential tools

    * [Logo maker.](/tools/logo-maker)
    * [Stock photography.](https://www.shopify.com/stock-photos)
    * [Business plan template.](/blog/business-plan-template)
    * [QR code generator.](/tools/qr-code-generator)

  * [Enterprise](/enterprise)

  * What’s new

    * [Changelog.Your source for recent updates](https://changelog.shopify.com)
    * [Summer ’25 Edition.The latest 150+ product updates](/editions/summer2025)
    * [All Editions.Archive of past Shopify Editions](/editions)
    * [Newsroom.All company news and press releases](https://shopify.com/news)

  * [Log in](/login?ui_locales=en)
  * [Start for free](https://accounts.shopify.com/store-create?locale=en&language=en&signup_page=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-to-market-a-product&signup_types%5B%5D=paid_trial_experience)

  * [Start for free](https://accounts.shopify.com/store-create?locale=en&language=en&signup_page=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-to-market-a-product&signup_types%5B%5D=paid_trial_experience)
  * 

[Shopify logo](/)

  * [Blog](/blog)
  * [Find an Idea](/blog/topics/find-an-idea)
  * [Starting Up](/blog/topics/starting-up)
  * [Marketing](/blog/topics/marketing)
  * [Latest](/blog/latest)
  * More

    * [Guides](/blog/topics/guides)
    * [The Shopify Podcast](/blog/topics/podcasts)
    * [Founder Stories](/blog/topics/founder-stories)
    * [Ecommerce Business Tips](/blog/topics/sell-online)
    * [See All topics](/blog/topics)
    * [Enterprise Blog](/enterprise/blog)

Search

Type something you're looking for

[Log in](/login?ui_locales=en)

[Start for free](https://accounts.shopify.com/store-
create?locale=en&language=en&signup_page=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-
to-market-a-product&signup_types%5B%5D=paid_trial_experience)

Start selling with Shopify today

Start your free trial with Shopify today—then use these resources to guide you
through every step of the process.

![](https://cdn.shopify.com/b/shopify-
brochure2-assets/b57973373cb5af3ba8e59f0b966065e7.webp?originalWidth=500&originalHeight=641)

![](https://cdn.shopify.com/b/shopify-
brochure2-assets/05383e2e9b6568812f1ccc7bbc28ac3d.webp?originalWidth=500&originalHeight=641)

![](https://cdn.shopify.com/b/shopify-
brochure2-assets/2baeeeb3c9bab2dfbfac6428fad929e1.webp?originalWidth=500&originalHeight=641)

[Start free trial](https://accounts.shopify.com/store-
create?locale=en&language=en&signup_page=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-
to-market-a-product&signup_types%5B%5D=paid_trial_experience)

How does Shopify work

[blog](/blog)|[Marketing](/blog/topics/marketing)

# 10 Highly Effective Ways for How To Market a Product in 2025

Need a strong product marketing strategy? Learn how to market a product by
increasing retention and loyalty, value, and customer acquisition.

by [Alexa Hertel](/blog/authors/alexa-hertel)

Updated on Mar 13, 2025

![Illustration of a large digital billboard with browser-like buttons on a
rooftop at dusk.](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0070/7032/articles/how-to-
market-a-
product_4d62e13c-7fe0-4a10-a87c-821f4ac83a16.jpg?v=1743435462&originalWidth=1848&originalHeight=782)

Start your online business today.

For free.

[Start for free](https://accounts.shopify.com/store-
create?locale=en&language=en&signup_page=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-
to-market-a-product&signup_types%5B%5D=paid_trial_experience)

There’s no shortage of product [marketing tactics](/blog/ecommerce-marketing)
out there. But a varied mix of tactics for how to market a product—no matter
how creative—doesn't necessarily make for a compelling marketing strategy.
It’s better to use a strategic marketing approach to discover which tactics
and channels best fit both your product and [business model](/blog/business-
model).

To accomplish that, you’ll need to speak to the needs of your [target
market](/blog/target-market). Ecommerce expert Drew Sanocki’s [Three
Multipliers Framework](https://x.com/drewsanocki/status/1767597021379400073)
helps us understand that marketing for ecommerce businesses is really three-
dimensional.

He poses that the three dimensions of building sustainable growth through
product marketing include:

[Click here to start selling online now with
Shopify](https://accounts.shopify.com/store-
create?locale=en&language=en&signup_page=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-
to-market-a-product&signup_types%5B%5D=paid_trial_experience)

  * Increasing the total number of customers. 
  * Increasing the total number of purchases per customer (purchase frequency).
  * Increasing the [average order value](/blog/average-order-value) (AOV).

In order to scale the success of your [product marketing](/blog/product-
marketing) efforts, it’s best to address all three of those elements. Keep
reading to learn best practices that can help you grow your customer base,
sales, and revenue.

## 10 top ways to market your product

  1. Introduce a loyalty program
  2. Create an email win-back campaign
  3. Send email or SMS sign-up coupon codes
  4. Release new products on a schedule
  5. Build a subscription model
  6. Use mean, median, and mode to your advantage
  7. Perfect cross-sell and upsell strategies
  8. Start with paid marketing
  9. Publish educational SEO content
  10. Convert more of your traffic

Your customer base is like a garden. If you tend to your customers, you can
grow both the value they receive as well as the value that comes back from
your marketing efforts. For example, a customer might get a lot of value from
your flagship product, but unlock even more from buying your product again—or
buying more from your full product line.

Loyal repeat customers compound in value, too. Once a customer makes a second
purchase, you no longer have to pay the cost to acquire them, and they might
recommend your shop to friends with similar taste. Your repeat buyers are one
of the best ways to learn how to market a product online successfully.

Repeat purchases don't come for free, though. You'll still need to
strategically invest in the right areas and really hone in on your target
audience. And although you can argue that “everything” has the potential to
influence retention, there are three main levers that brands should start
with.

### The 3 levers of buyer retention:

  1. **Merchandise.** Customers need merchandise that fits their needs. They also look for high-quality items that meet or exceed their expectations. If you find a bestselling product that customers love, consider putting it front and center on your website. Chances are, customers who purchase that product first will come back for more.
  2. **Customer experience.** Amazing customer service doesn’t mean breaking the bank, but it does mean [providing unexpected extras](/blog/customer-delight). This could be as simple as being available when your customers need you or offering free returns on any order.
  3. **Marketing.** You’ll need the right marketing for the right customers at the right time. Tactics you might use are: [affiliate programs](/blog/affiliate-marketing-software), [win-back email campaigns](/enterprise/blog/running-winback-campaigns), [lifecycle marketing](/blog/lifecycle-marketing), loyalty programs, or a schedule of limited edition drops that keeps customers coming back for more.  

Right now, let's have a closer look at buyer retention marketing. To increase
customer order frequency, you'll need a [specialized marketing
plan](/blog/marketing-plan). There are several common and effective product
marketing tactics you can use.

### 1\. Introduce a loyalty program

Offering a [loyalty program](/blog/loyalty-program) is a great way to reward
exclusive benefits to subscribers. [Studies show
](https://www.statista.com/topics/10873/brand-loyalty/#topicOverview)that
access to brand loyalty programs influences shoppers’ decisions to keep doing
business with a brand, even more so than other draws like personalized
customer service.

Loyalty programs can be free to join or accessible via a one-time or recurring
fee. For example, members of activewear retailer [Altitude
Sports](https://altitude-sports.com/products/membership) pay a lifetime
membership fee of $34.99. Members enjoy perks like 5% off almost any item,
exclusive sales, and free returns on all orders.

![Recommended products and a membership discount offer on the Altitude Sports
website.](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0070/7032/files/loyalty-
program-1_130457bb-9400-47a7-9ce2-d3f0932ed0f4.png?v=1741885531) [_Altitude
Sports_](https://www.altitude-sports.com/products/membership)

Alternatively, free loyalty programs can use a points system, in which
customers earn points per purchase, then cash in those points for rewards at
different points tiers. Other rewards programs, like the one from clothing
retailer [Girlfriend Collective](https://girlfriend.com/pages/rewards), offer
both points and perks, such as order discounts.

Loyalty programs are effective because they give customers a reason to return
to your online store. Whether it's to use the points they've accumulated for a
free gift, to get free shipping, or to receive a percentage off their purchase
price, loyalty programs keep customers coming back.

### 2\. Create an email win-back campaign

Email is a lifeline to high-intent shoppers who've already visited your store
and completed their purchase. This makes it the ideal channel to encourage
repeat purchases. Email marketing is also an incredibly effective way to re-
engage existing customers who may have not purchased in a while.

One of the most valuable email sequences you can create for your [product
marketing](/blog/product-marketing) strategy is called a [win-back
campaign](/blog/57720581-7-automated-email-campaigns-that-win-customers-and-
keep-them-coming-back#seven). This is a type of lifecycle marketing: marketing
that seeks to engage a customer based on where they are in the [customer
journey](/blog/mapping-user-journeys). In the case of a win-back campaign, the
customer is at the post-purchase stage, so the right message to send them is
one that encourages a return trip.

Drew Sanocki calls this type of win-back campaign a one-two punch. Its goal is
to convert first-time customers into repeat customers.

Here’s how a win-back campaign works:  

#### **Identify who the win-back email marketing campaign targets**

It’s standard to set up a win-back email campaign to target first-time
customers. Set the first email to send 30 days after a first-time customer’s
purchase if they haven’t made a second purchase during that time. Each
subsequent email will be sent to that list of your first-time customers.
You’ll also need to set parameters to remove anyone who makes a purchase at
any time throughout this email win-back sequence.

There are four key emails a win-back sequence should include:

#### **Email #1: Suggest a product**

The first email notifies customers of another product that, based on their
original purchase, they might like. The item could be part of your core
collection, or perhaps you want to drive excitement about a limited edition
item. This first email doesn’t include any coupon codes; instead, it seeks to
entice or remind the customer about your other product offerings.

![Man wearing CloudKnit joggers with cloud illustrations and a customer review
above.](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0070/7032/files/email-
winback-1_5c6e5b42-8a29-4bce-a1a8-ada60e610590.png?v=1741885983) _An example
of Email #1 in a win-back campaign series from[Outdoor
Voices](https://www.outdoorvoices.com/). [Really Good
Emails](https://reallygoodemails.com/emails/it-s-called-cloudknit-for-a-
reason)_

#### **Email #2: Offer a small promo code**

Sent 30 days after the first email, the second email offers a small promotion,
like 10% off or [free shipping](/blog/free-shipping-and-conversion) on their
next order.

#### **Email #3: Offer a higher promo code**

Sent 30 days after the previous email, the third email offers another
promotion that’s 15% higher than the last. So, that could be something like
25% off or 15% off and free shipping.

![Email from Outdoor Voices offering a $20 discount with a promo code and
'Shop Now' button.](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0070/7032/files/promo-
code-email_95ec97b0-64b9-4f47-ba58-2b4cfa3af2ec.png?v=1741886127) _An example
of a tier-three win-back campaign offer from[Outdoor
Voices](https://www.outdoorvoices.com/). [Really Good
Emails](https://reallygoodemails.com/emails/last-call-for-20-off)_

#### **Email #4: Send a survey**

This email should be set to send a full 120 days after the customer made their
first purchase. It could include another offer, but since this one won’t send
for several months, it’s a better time to ask your customers if they’re still
interested in your shop. If they are no longer interested, you could include a
survey in the email that asks what would lead them to change their mind.

Surveys like these help you better understand your [customers’
experiences](/blog/13251973-creative-ways-to-improve-ecommerce-customer-
experience-that-also-boost-loyalty-and-sales), which help you make sure you’re
asking the right questions about how to continue improving your brand.

![Ritual email asking customers to take a survey with a yellow 'Take the
Survey' button.](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0070/7032/files/survey-
email_15467eed-8bba-4870-b3cd-324265101cf9.png?v=1741886232) _A re-engagement
email as part of a win-back campaign from[Ritual](https://ritual.com/).
[Really Good Emails](https://reallygoodemails.com/emails/a-couple-of-
questions-for-you)_

#### **Remember to unsubscribe inactive users**

By the end of your email sequence, you should automatically unsubscribe anyone
who's been an inactive buyer or who hasn't opened an email from you in the
last 60 days. If you choose to send a final survey email like the one above,
you could also offer to unsubscribe people who select one of the more negative
survey options.

You don't have to use email for this win-back campaign if you don't find it to
be the best option for your business. Instead, you can use other options like
website pop-ups, [paid media](/blog/paid-media), a direct-mail
postcard—whatever you think will resonate most with your customers.

### 3\. Send email or SMS sign-up coupon codes

Another effective retention tactic is to offer a discount in exchange for
email and/or text message sign-ups. It's a useful way to engage both current
and prospective customers.

Not sure how to get started with SMS marketing? Try the Shopify plugin
[Postscript](https://postscript.io/).

To get people’s attention about your mailing lists, consider using a pop-up
that activates as soon as someone visits your website.

Get them interested by offering some sort of exclusive promotion they’ll only
receive by subscribing to email, SMS, or both. This promotional offer could be
something like free shipping or 10% off their first order. Once someone opts
into your mailing lists, they'll be more inclined to make a purchase with the
promotion you just gave them.

**Resource 📚**[How SMS Marketing Cuts Through the Noise, Plus 4 Examples to
Try](/blog/sms-marketing)

### 4\. Release new products on a schedule

If you're looking for ideas on how to market a new product, consider
scheduling product launches on the same day every week or month. If your
customers know the date of a new drop, chances are they'll visit your website
to check what it is or at least be more likely to open the announcement email.

For example, when [Mejuri](https://mejuri.com/), a fine jewelry shop, was
first getting started, it dropped new products every week.

![Mejuri email featuring a woman wearing gold rope chains with a 'Shop the
Drop' button.](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0070/7032/files/mejuri-
email_12ae9db3-ed6c-4ac7-8989-bdcb8dc2082d.png?v=1741886387)
[_Mejuri_](https://mejuri.com/)

For curious customers and new shoppers alike, it drummed up excitement. Each
new “Monday Drop” was featured on the homepage of the website and in a timely
announcement email.

### 5\. Build a subscription model

Though it may not _sound_ like it, offering product subscriptions is a
marketing decision. Giving your customers a way to subscribe positions your
products as everyday essentials. Building a [subscription business
model](/ca/blog/how-to-start-a-subscription-business) may take more work than
other marketing tactics, but it is an extremely effective way to ensure
recurring customers and revenue.

If your product requires refills, you can create a subscription model that
automatically renews on a standard schedule. That way, customers won't even
have to visit your store or even remember that they're running low before
you’ve already sent them a refill. For example, [Fresh
Patch](https://freshpatch.com/) sells hydroponically grown grass patches to
pet owners. The company sees 80% of its total revenue from subscriptions.

Alternatively, if your company isn't one that can provide refills, you could
offer customers a subscription to a bundle of monthly products. [Package
Free](https://packagefreeshop.com/) sells environmentally friendly home and
body care products. The brand allow shoppers to create their own subscription
bundles from a large selection of products.

### 6\. Use mean, median, and mode to your advantage

Raising your average order value will bring in more revenue, and it's simpler
than you might think. In order to build an effective strategy around average
order value (AOV), you'll need to understand the mean, median, and mode of
your orders, as well as how to [cross-sell and upsell](/blog/upselling-and-
cross-selling).

First off, let’s define the terms you likely haven’t seen since fourth grade
math class.

  * **Mean:** the average order value (traditional AOV) 
  * **Median:** the middle number of all order values 
  * **Mode:** the order value that most frequently occurs 

Let’s take a look at the mean, median, and mode of orders on our demo store,
Kinda Hot Sauce.

![Bar chart showing last 30-day hot sauce orders with mean, median, and mode
sales data.](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0070/7032/files/kinda-hot-
sauce-graph_a6f007f8-94f7-4c60-bc61-ec02a8350630.png?v=1741886805) _Kinda Hot
Sauce_

As you can see from that chart, the mean order value (or average order value)
is $24. However, the mode order value or most commonly occurring order) is
only $15.

Although the mode may be lower than the mean, your mode number shows a much
more accurate representation of your orders. That’s because the mean is easily
skewed by low or high purchase totals. When you think about raising the AOV,
it's more telling to look at the mode—that's the number you want to increase.

It’s common for businesses to offer free shipping that's just above their most
commonly occurring order value to bump up AOV. For example, since $15 is the
most commonly occurring order value at Kinda Hot Sauce, the shop might offer
free shipping for orders over $25.

### 7\. Perfect cross-sell and upsell strategies

Offering free shipping may not work for your business. Rest assured, there are
other online product marketing tactics you can employ, like cross-selling and
upselling, that will help bump up the value of orders overall.

  * **Cross-selling** is when you invite customers to purchase a complementary item. Cross-selling suggestions are most effective when a customer is looking at their cart (similar to the aisle of impulse buys a shopper might walk through at a brick-and-mortar store. ([SellUp](https://apps.shopify.com/upseller-product-upsell) is a great Shopify app for cross-selling).
  * **Upselling** is when you encourage customers to purchase a similar product that’s higher end. Upselling is more effective on the product page before the customer has committed to buying one particular item. 

Cross-selling and upselling are based on the idea that, when you have a
compelling product, 10% to 20% of your customers are willing to spend a lot
more than the average customer. Your goal is to understand what they want, so
you can offer those products and those upgrades. From there, you can use tools
to automate upsell and cross-sell suggestions, or you can advertise products
through another method, like email, phone, or live chat.

Traditional [customer acquisition](/blog/customer-acquisition) includes
methods like:

  * Paid social media ads
  * [Content marketing](/blog/what-is-content-marketing)
  * Search engine optimization (SEO)
  * [Press releases](/blog/how-to-write-a-press-release)
  * Influencer marketing
  * [Conversion rate optimization](/blog/conversion-funnel-leaks)
  * Email sign-up promo codes 

Whichever method you choose, you'll want to gear your marketing toward the
segment of your [target audience](/blog/target-market) who tends to spend
more.

### 8\. Start with paid marketing

Paid social media marketing and [influencer marketing](/blog/influencer-
marketing) both fall into the bucket of effective marketing channels. They can
help you validate your product and [scale them in a cost-effective
way](/blog/scale-facebook-ads).

Find influencers to drive sales with Shopify Collabs

Shopify Collabs makes it easy to partner with creators, promote your products,
reach new customers, grow your sales, and track affiliate campaign performance
all from Shopify admin.

[Discover Shopify Collabs](/collabs/find-
influencers?itcat=coreblog&itterm=shopify-collabs-merchant-cta)

Have you ever seen someone with a big social media following post about a
product they like and then offer a unique discount code for their followers?
That's influencer marketing, and it's become extremely effective.

Here's how it works: brands reach out to influencers they think will like
their products. They offer something in return for the influencer to talk
about the product on their social media platforms. This could be a sum of
money, but many brands instead offer the influencer a number of their products
for free.

**Resource 📚 **[Instagram Influencer Marketing: A Complete 2024
Guide](/blog/instagram-influencer-marketing)

The compensated influencer will talk about the product on their social media
platforms an agreed upon number of times. You can ask the influencer to post
about your product twice on Instagram, for example, or you might agree to one
Instagram post and one Instagram Story feature—it's up to you and what you
think will resonate best with your target audience. If your target market
loves a certain influencer in your [niche](/blog/6187532-dont-follow-your-
passion-a-smarter-way-to-find-a-product-to-sell), paying for an influencer to
promote your product can be a massive marketing win.

Here, Glossier uses influencer marketing to spread the word about its lip
gloss on Instagram through a partnership.

  

You can also go the traditional route and pay a social media platform, like
TikTok, Instagram, or Pinterest, to show your ads to prospective customers.
You can [set up social ads yourself](/blog/topics/facebook-marketing) or work
with an agency that can help you design ads, write the copy for them, and
place them on the channels they think will work best for you.

### 9\. Publish educational SEO content

This means playing the long game with channels like content marketing and[
search enginge marketing (SEO)](/blog/seo-checklist-online-store). [Content
marketing](/blog/content-marketing) is the practice of using organic (not
paid) tools like blog posts, videos, social media, podcasts, or emails to
educate a target market, typically on a niche collection of topics.

Your goal with content marketing is to optimize your content to rank on the
first page in a Google search to increase your brand's visibility and your
website traffic. Creating content is one of those marketing tactics where the
benefits compound over time. Whereas traffic gained through paid acquisition
dries up when you stop paying for it, organic traffic from content marketing
can yield striking growth if done well.

For example, [Four Sigmatic](https://us.foursigmatic.com/), a company that
specializes in crash-free coffee, has invested a lot of time into customer
education. Because of that, the brand earns a lot of organic traffic.

### 10\. Convert more of your traffic

You may already have a solid stream of traffic coming to your shop, so rather
than focusing on getting more traffic, you need to focus on converting the
traffic you currently have. This is called [conversion rate optimization
(CRO)](/blog/conversion-funnel-leaks).

CRO is easy to automate, less expensive than buying traffic, and improves the
return on investment (ROI) of your paid traffic placement.

Think of it this way: You're using a funnel to refill your hand soap
container, but the funnel has several holes in the side, which is causing a
lot of the soap to ooze out. Your customer funnel is probably suffering from
the same problem. Rather than buying more soap, you can fix your funnel and
conserve your resources from the get-go.

Start plugging those leaky holes in your checkout flow with [Shop
Pay](https://shop.app/what-shop-does).

## Read more

  * [How to Start a Dropshipping Business- A Complete Playbook for 2024](/blog/how-to-start-dropshipping)
  * [How to Grow Your Business With Giveaways and Viral Contests](/blog/72726597-how-to-grow-your-business-with-giveaways-and-viral-contests)
  * [130+ Dropshipping Products To Sell for Profit](/blog/best-dropshipping-products)
  * [The 13 Best Dropshipping Suppliers in 2024](/blog/dropshipping-suppliers)
  * [12 Winning Strategies for How to Build an Email List](/blog/build-email-list)
  * [What Is Affiliate Marketing and How to Get Started](/blog/affiliate-marketing)
  * [How Does Alibaba Work? A Guide to Safe Product Sourcing and Dropshipping](/blog/16665772-alibaba-101-how-to-safely-source-products-from-the-worlds-biggest-supplier-directory)
  * [44 “Thank You for Your Order” Templates (+ Ways to Use Them)](/blog/thank-your-customers)
  * [12 Powerful Google Ads Examples From Ecommerce Brands](/blog/google-ad-examples-1)
  * [The Basics of Building an Integrated Marketing Strategy](/blog/integrated-marketing)

## How to market a product FAQ

### How do you market a new product?

Ensure there is market demand for your product, start with paid marketing,
introduce [organic marketing](/blog/organic-marketing) such as SEO and content
marketing through blog posts, videos, social media, podcasts, or emails, and
convert more of the traffic on your website.

### How do you attract customers to buy your product?

  1. Introduce a loyalty program
  2. Create an email win-back campaign
  3. Send email or SMS sign-up coupon codes
  4. Release new products on a schedule
  5. Build a subscription model
  6. Use mean, median, and mode to your advantage
  7. Perfect cross-sell and upsell strategies
  8. Start with paid marketing
  9. Publish educational SEO content
  10. Convert more of your traffic

### How do you market a product effectively?

Focus on these three key results:

  1. Increase the total number of purchases per customer
  2. Increase the average order value (AOV)
  3. Increase the total number of customers

![Alexa
Hertel](https://www.gravatar.com/avatar/5a81c5f270e77aa7f704c3bede1a598a?s=200&d=404)

by [Alexa Hertel](/blog/authors/alexa-hertel)

Updated on Mar 13, 2025

Share article

  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-to-market-a-product)
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=10+Highly+Effective+Ways+for+How+To+Market+a+Product+in+2025&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-to-market-a-product&via=Shopify)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&source=Shopify&title=10+Highly+Effective+Ways+for+How+To+Market+a+Product+in+2025&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-to-market-a-product)

by [Alexa Hertel](/blog/authors/alexa-hertel)

Updated on Mar 13, 2025

The newsletter for entrepreneurs

Join millions of self-starters in getting business resources, tips, and
inspiring stories in your inbox.

Enter email

Subscribe

Subscribe

Unsubscribe anytime. By entering your email, you agree to receive marketing
emails from Shopify. By proceeding, you agree to the [Terms and
Conditions](/legal/terms) and [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy).

popular posts

[Social Media Optimization](/blog/topics/social-media-optimization)[How To
Make Money on Instagram in 2025 (9 Actionable Ideas)](/blog/make-money-on-
instagram)[Starting Up](/blog/topics/starting-up)[How To Start an Ecommerce
Business: Guide for 2025](/blog/ecommerce-business-
blueprint)[Guides](/blog/topics/guides)[What Is Dropshipping and How Does It
Work? (2025)](/blog/what-is-dropshipping)[Find an Idea](/blog/topics/find-an-
idea)[What Is Print on Demand & How To Start a Business (2025)](/blog/print-
on-demand)

Get the only point of sale that gives you more![get in
touch](https://cdn.shopify.com/b/shopify-
brochure2-assets/e2a124c9e2e7ae76119a66cfc515535b.png)Get in touch

popular posts

[Sell Online](/blog/topics/sell-online)[How To Create a Website in 9 Steps
(2025)](/blog/build-a-website)[Starting Up](/blog/topics/starting-up)[How To
Start an Online Store in 2025 (Step-by-Step Guide)](/blog/start-online-
store)[Find an Idea](/blog/topics/find-an-idea)[How To Make and Sell Merch
Your Fans Will Love (2025)](/blog/make-sell-merch)[Sell
Online](/blog/topics/sell-online)[10 Best Ecommerce Website Builders for Your
Online Store (2025)](/blog/best-ecommerce-website-builder)

##### popular posts

[Social Media Optimization](/blog/topics/social-media-optimization)

[How To Make Money on Instagram in 2025 (9 Actionable Ideas)](/blog/make-
money-on-instagram)

2023-11-08

[Starting Up](/blog/topics/starting-up)

[How To Start an Ecommerce Business: Guide for 2025](/blog/ecommerce-business-
blueprint)

2023-09-01

[Guides](/blog/topics/guides)

[What Is Dropshipping and How Does It Work? (2025)](/blog/what-is-
dropshipping)

2023-12-05

[Find an Idea](/blog/topics/find-an-idea)

[What Is Print on Demand & How To Start a Business (2025)](/blog/print-on-
demand)

2023-11-09

[Sell Online](/blog/topics/sell-online)

[How To Create a Website in 9 Steps (2025)](/blog/build-a-website)

2023-09-20

[Starting Up](/blog/topics/starting-up)

[How To Start an Online Store in 2025 (Step-by-Step Guide)](/blog/start-
online-store)

2023-11-23

[Find an Idea](/blog/topics/find-an-idea)

[How To Make and Sell Merch Your Fans Will Love (2025)](/blog/make-sell-merch)

2023-12-02

[Sell Online](/blog/topics/sell-online)

[10 Best Ecommerce Website Builders for Your Online Store (2025)](/blog/best-
ecommerce-website-builder)

2023-11-06

![subscription banner](https://cdn.shopify.com/b/shopify-
brochure2-assets/c46f986d892538f4b0a15f25692330f7.png?originalWidth=1420&originalHeight=1040)

The newsletter for entrepreneurs

Join millions of self-starters in getting business resources, tips, and
inspiring stories in your inbox.

Email here

Subscribe

Subscribe

Unsubscribe anytime. By entering your email, you agree to receive marketing
emails from Shopify. By proceeding, you agree to the [Terms and
Conditions](/legal/terms) and [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy).

Sell anywhere with Shopify

Learn on the go. Try Shopify for free, and explore all the tools you need to
start, run, and grow your business.

[Start free trial](https://accounts.shopify.com/store-
create?locale=en&language=en&signup_page=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shopify.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-
to-market-a-product&signup_types%5B%5D=paid_trial_experience)

Try Shopify for free, no credit card required.

Shopify logo

## Shopify

  * [About](/about)
  * [Careers](/careers)
  * [Investors](https://shopifyinvestors.com/home/default.aspx)
  * [Press and Media](https://www.shopify.com/news)
  * [Partners](/partners)
  * [Affiliates](/affiliates)
  * [Legal](/legal)
  * [Service status](https://www.shopifystatus.com/)

## Support

  * [Merchant Support](https://help.shopify.com/en/questions)
  * [Shopify Help Center](https://help.shopify.com/en/)
  * [Hire a Partner](https://www.shopify.com/partners/directory)
  * [Shopify Academy](https://academy.shopify.com?itcat=brochure&itterm=global-footer)
  * [Shopify Community](https://community.shopify.com/c/Shopify-Community/ct-p/en?utm_campaign=footer&utm_content=en&utm_medium=web&utm_source=shopify)

## Developers

  * [Shopify.dev](https://shopify.dev)
  * [API Documentation](https://shopify.dev/api)
  * [Dev Degree](https://devdegree.ca)

## Products

  * [Shop](https://shop.app)
  * [Shop Pay](/shop-pay)
  * [Shopify Plus](/plus)
  * [Shopify Fulfillment Network](/fulfillment)
  * [Shopify for Enterprise](/enterprise)

## Global Impact

  * [Sustainability](/climate)
  * [Build Black](https://operationhope.org/initiatives/1-million-black-businesses/)
  * [Research](/plus/commerce-trends)

## Solutions

  * [Online Store Builder](/online)
  * [Website Builder](/website/builder)
  * [Ecommerce Website](/tour/ecommerce-website)

USA | English

  * Australia

[English](/au/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=au&lang=en)

  * Canada

[English](/ca/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=ca&lang=en)

  * France

[Français](/fr/blog/promouvoir-un-produit-19-tactiques?country=fr&lang=fr)

  * Germany

[Deutsch](/de/blog/effektive-produktwerbung?country=de&lang=de)

  * Hong Kong SAR

[English](/hk/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=hk&lang=zh)

  * Indonesia

[English](/id/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=id&lang=en)

  * Ireland

[English](/ie/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=ie&lang=en)

  * Italy

[Italiano](/it/blog/metodi-per-promuovere-un-prodotto?country=it&lang=it)

  * Malaysia

[English](/my/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=my&lang=en)

  * New Zealand

[English](/nz/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=nz&lang=en)

  * Nigeria

[English](/ng/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=ng&lang=en)

  * Philippines

[English](/ph/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=ph&lang=en)

  * Singapore

[English](/sg/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=sg&lang=en)

  * South Africa

[English](/za/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=za&lang=en)

  * UK

[English](/uk/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=gb&lang=en)

  * USA

[English](/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=us&lang=en)|[Español
(Intl.)](/es/blog/marketing-en-shopify?country=us&lang=es)

USA | English

### Choose a region & language

  * Australia

[English](/au/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=au&lang=en)

  * Canada

[English](/ca/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=ca&lang=en)

  * France

[Français](/fr/blog/promouvoir-un-produit-19-tactiques?country=fr&lang=fr)

  * Germany

[Deutsch](/de/blog/effektive-produktwerbung?country=de&lang=de)

  * Hong Kong SAR

[English](/hk/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=hk&lang=zh)

  * Indonesia

[English](/id/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=id&lang=en)

  * Ireland

[English](/ie/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=ie&lang=en)

  * Italy

[Italiano](/it/blog/metodi-per-promuovere-un-prodotto?country=it&lang=it)

  * Malaysia

[English](/my/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=my&lang=en)

  * New Zealand

[English](/nz/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=nz&lang=en)

  * Nigeria

[English](/ng/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=ng&lang=en)

  * Philippines

[English](/ph/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=ph&lang=en)

  * Singapore

[English](/sg/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=sg&lang=en)

  * South Africa

[English](/za/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=za&lang=en)

  * UK

[English](/uk/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=gb&lang=en)

  * USA

[English](/blog/how-to-market-a-product?country=us&lang=en)|[Español
(Intl.)](/es/blog/marketing-en-shopify?country=us&lang=es)

  * [Terms of service](/legal/terms)
  * [Privacy policy](/legal/privacy)
  * [Sitemap](/sitemap)
  * [Privacy Choices](https://privacy.shopify.com/en)

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/shopify)
  * [](https://twitter.com/shopify)
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/user/shopify)
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/shopify/)
  * [](https://www.tiktok.com/@shopify)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shopify)
  * [](https://www.pinterest.com/shopify/)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1904241839800487&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

