Skip to main content

[![Chrome Web Store
logo](https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/i/productlogos/chrome_store/v7/192px.svg)Chrome
Web Store](./)

  * [My extensions & themes](https://chromewebstore.google.com/user/installed)
  * [Developer Dashboard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/devconsole/)
  * Give feedback

[](https://www.google.co.in/intl/en/about/products)

[Sign
in](https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?passive=1209600&osid=1&continue=https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/copy-
all-urls-
free/pnbocjclllbkfkkchadljokjclnpakia&followup=https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/copy-
all-urls-free/pnbocjclllbkfkkchadljokjclnpakia&ec=GAZApQM)

DiscoverExtensionsThemes

![](https://ssl.gstatic.com/chrome/webstore/images/chrome_logo_96.png)

## Switch to Chrome?

Google recommends using Chrome when using extensions and themes.

No thanks

Yes[](https://www.google.com/chrome/?brand=GGRF&utm_source=google.com&utm_medium=material-
callout&utm_campaign=cws&utm_keyword=GGRF)

Switch to Chrome to install extensions and themes

Install Chrome

![Item logo image for Copy All URLs
\(Free\)](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/UMoc4ksZKtRFOP3Ub-J018z2LekKMpH8pSq-
QX9n9-D9LZb17WXUs1MnBhGVmttxeAXXdlVwzjMSz_N0aMaB3YikOw=s60)

# Copy All URLs (Free)

Add to Chrome

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/?hl=en-US&p=cws_badges)

Follows recommended practices for Chrome extensions. [Learn
more.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/?hl=en-US&p=cws_badges)

Featured

4.4([18 ratings](./detail/copy-all-urls-
free/pnbocjclllbkfkkchadljokjclnpakia/reviews))

Share

[Extension](./category/extensions)[Workflow &
Planning](./category/extensions/productivity/workflow)20,000 users

![Item media 1 \(screenshot\) for Copy All URLs
\(Free\)](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Jwy8fJcqqzwNoDbCUmEfQfef8FO0wSa6ReuBb_v-2oifsmCiK9KR5-EEGxpn4EubEtOaxNu-
ZQQDoMG226pr5tMNYjk=s1280-w1280-h800)

##

Overview

A simple Chrome extension to copy URLs of all open tabs.

Copy All Tabs is an intuitive and efficient Chrome extension designed to help
you instantly copy the URLs of all open tabs in your browser window. With just
a single click, the extension will gather the URLs and copy them to your
clipboard, ready for you to paste wherever you need. Whether you're working on
research, sharing resources with friends, or keeping track of your favorite
websites, Copy All Tabs will streamline the process for you. Key Features: \-
One-click URL copying: The simple and user-friendly interface of Copy All Tabs
allows you to copy all open tab URLs with just a single click. \- Automatic
URL formatting: The extension automatically formats the copied URLs as a list,
with each URL on a new line, making it easy to read, organize, and share. \-
Real-time notifications: Get instant notifications confirming that the URLs
have been successfully copied to your clipboard, so you can be sure that the
process has been completed. \- Lightweight and efficient: Copy All Tabs is
designed to be fast and lightweight, ensuring that your browsing experience is
not impacted by the extension. \- Privacy-focused: Your data is yours, and
Copy All Tabs respects that. The extension does not collect or store any
personal information or browsing data.

See more

## 4.4 out of 5

18 ratings

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results)

See all reviews[](./detail/copy-all-urls-
free/pnbocjclllbkfkkchadljokjclnpakia/reviews)

## Details

  * Version

2.0

  * Updated

August 25, 2023

  * [Flag concern](./detail/pnbocjclllbkfkkchadljokjclnpakia/report)

  * Offered by

Lorenzo Solís

  * Size

24.68KiB

  * Languages

English

  * Developer

Email

info@lorenzosolis.com

  * Non-trader

This developer has not identified itself as a trader. For consumers in the
European Union, please note that consumer rights do not apply to contracts
between you and this developer.

## Privacy

The developer has disclosed that it will not collect or use your data.

## This developer declares that your data is

  * Not being sold to third parties, outside of the [approved use cases](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/program-policies/limited-use/)
  * Not being used or transferred for purposes that are unrelated to the item's core functionality
  * Not being used or transferred to determine creditworthiness or for lending purposes

## Related

[](./detail/copy-paste-urls/mahpbcfolnblioiakoidcnmhghjijdaa)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/oCuf9yEQ0kTrCrgqMnm8g_1pMsUJyx0hqgPleiwgoO3if7urPaUydBxBm9FYC7vDiuq62gqpcG8YMBpR76Z5OMjN3A=s275-w275-h175)

Copy Paste URLs

5.0(2)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 5 out of 5 stars. 2 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy opened tabs URLs to clipboard or paste URLs from clipboard to create
multiple tabs at once

[](./detail/copy-tabs-url/ignjeecmiihnagfdbkahnljnnpbdjdkm)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/WsLXGH96UK6Tunj2wWADLsLHlZNVH3gxzeEkbIh0Xw_KDSENKUrNObnuaOrt4B7USOkqAyHQRY6YEWn3um5xbXnzZg=s60)

Copy Tabs URL

5.0(4)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 5 out of 5 stars. 4 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy all tabs URLs at once.

[](./detail/copy-urls/gpmnhkeajnnnkjkgcopciocmdcdkapbh)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/CQk-0T1zPSMVG2LTS0r9RLliwvtNcdHKLoo9d33zBcSlhk3xwE3dsE0rERZ3_TYd18XbxCu41KQ__nDyo8IaY9IK=s275-w275-h175)

Copy URLs

4.0(2)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 4 out of 5 stars. 2 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Quickly copy URLs from your open tabs, links within a page and more to the
clipboard

[](./detail/copy-paste-tabs/icoajbmljoeejfbgeokibaohlijmbcbo)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/4-TnMlm8hHw2Cc1IJH59R7RYmfEbB1qboxxFQxSBqE9XffXFDRBtjawpxFXYL66OI3FJN1bIBBT8jUCd3lniNR4mlxY=s275-w275-h175)

Copy & Paste Tabs

5.0(7)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 5 out of 5 stars. 7 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

With One Button Click. Copy all URLs from the current window tabs. And Paste
to open a list of URLs in the browser.

[](./detail/copytab-urls/lolhdpcjpflggojkdoamneplianpomnl)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pJLqzf8BNjEGRS5RflWT-
kG8SFMutW2namzKNz_G5qNNoZlGZxtUikCo9nlsWRgqwgqBHOwTav3toGbJaC9v6C1Amw=s275-w275-h175)

CopyTab URLs

4.8(13)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 4.8 out of 5 stars. 13 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Effortlessly copy and organize the URLs of your open tabs in one click.

[](./detail/copy-all-urls-20/ljmbgmkmjcldjljaakpbpmchjbodjmdi)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/YD_-4o5w6hU9NY4tQ-
lVbJX_ojZsuG9IdNn4M8X5hoiy9PZ6yBm7Sqr6iyGynAtGAjE9yRSYUwkseR-QVqzXpj9y=s60)

Copy All URL's 2.0

3.1(42)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 3.1 out of 5 stars. 42 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy the currently opened tabs’ URL to the clipboard and paste them in a go to
open them all again. (formats: text, HTML or JSON)

[](./detail/umbrella-copy-all-urls-v3/iodlbflkegnangnopebgjojlgmcbbpdh)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/cgXEhw_azlaPUAFqxtU7f3NcN7AWoRXJUA2OttazVm1bW6QP8rxMxRPhsIkTGAkj44oAh7KNbPlWPNYf_b4th6NYvA=s60)

Umbrella - Copy All URLs V3

3.5(4)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 3.5 out of 5 stars. 4 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy URLs from all tabs or selected tabs and paste to open them in new tabs.

[](./detail/bulk-url-opener-extension/hgenngnjgfkdggambccohomebieocekm)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/6-hCBq9gFbMeaV3KRBvW9aO8N5NnIa0ZHS01waGBJ3eAMw7j-U9y4tLDs_WqiHliJYdSFoPvLoV0HtO8_uk0hXW1nC8=s275-w275-h175)

Bulk URL Opener Extension

4.4(109)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 4.4 out of 5 stars. 109 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Open multiple URLs at once

[](./detail/copy-all-urls/iiagcalhlpmgdipdcikkjiliaankcagj)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KFbkBojD2L5UeE9i_ce_f7CpR_bWL72qVXgnsZIMoAKbO2Q4LiAgY29GdwjdwDQPZth7mORcX-
okZecOOXc8V0e1-w=s60)

Copy All Urls

4.0(44)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 4.0 out of 5 stars. 44 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

"Copy All URLs" is a Chrome extension designed to simplify the process of
copying all open tabs' URLs and titles. With a single…

[](./detail/copy-urls/efkmnflmpgiklkehhoeiibnmdfffmmjk)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/0zJkd6Mn6Stg3B_eKtwJQMF5jF3vC_QhGVMJ7XUgfUVCUxPFZRos-
IvI9RG3Vd9RXSZmMos_o6zATlNEzeilTYxcIw=s275-w275-h175)

Copy URLs

4.7(37)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 4.7 out of 5 stars. 37 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy all open URLs to clipboard

[](./detail/mass-copy-urls-%E2%88%92-copy-
all/gfclnkijfmhhhjnpmdlicdfoibjnppih)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/BheFUY25z-XAGfEkCo24PCrYTvKP29XDlD7gQmUUJAcIKtwd_2DexVulOyQjOXsgycicm0Am0DFGsocQhHBMg-
FayA=s275-w275-h175)

Mass Copy URLs − copy all URLs on all tabs

2.5(2)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 2.5 out of 5 stars. 2 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy to clipboard all the URLs in one click

[](./detail/open-multiple-urls/oifijhaokejakekmnjmphonojcfkpbbh)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/5yFMwFvd55nYwAWuNm4NxjecQWFK19mm6Ye6KcOpbTQtIJRMr2aP6ml92nKZll1NNuXT3xobgGnwIIJFZTWQc_as9A=s60)

Open Multiple URLs

4.7(283)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 4.7 out of 5 stars. 283 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Opens a list of URLs

[](./detail/copy-paste-urls/mahpbcfolnblioiakoidcnmhghjijdaa)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/oCuf9yEQ0kTrCrgqMnm8g_1pMsUJyx0hqgPleiwgoO3if7urPaUydBxBm9FYC7vDiuq62gqpcG8YMBpR76Z5OMjN3A=s275-w275-h175)

Copy Paste URLs

5.0(2)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 5 out of 5 stars. 2 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy opened tabs URLs to clipboard or paste URLs from clipboard to create
multiple tabs at once

[](./detail/copy-tabs-url/ignjeecmiihnagfdbkahnljnnpbdjdkm)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/WsLXGH96UK6Tunj2wWADLsLHlZNVH3gxzeEkbIh0Xw_KDSENKUrNObnuaOrt4B7USOkqAyHQRY6YEWn3um5xbXnzZg=s60)

Copy Tabs URL

5.0(4)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 5 out of 5 stars. 4 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy all tabs URLs at once.

[](./detail/copy-urls/gpmnhkeajnnnkjkgcopciocmdcdkapbh)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/CQk-0T1zPSMVG2LTS0r9RLliwvtNcdHKLoo9d33zBcSlhk3xwE3dsE0rERZ3_TYd18XbxCu41KQ__nDyo8IaY9IK=s275-w275-h175)

Copy URLs

4.0(2)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 4 out of 5 stars. 2 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Quickly copy URLs from your open tabs, links within a page and more to the
clipboard

[](./detail/copy-paste-tabs/icoajbmljoeejfbgeokibaohlijmbcbo)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/4-TnMlm8hHw2Cc1IJH59R7RYmfEbB1qboxxFQxSBqE9XffXFDRBtjawpxFXYL66OI3FJN1bIBBT8jUCd3lniNR4mlxY=s275-w275-h175)

Copy & Paste Tabs

5.0(7)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 5 out of 5 stars. 7 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

With One Button Click. Copy all URLs from the current window tabs. And Paste
to open a list of URLs in the browser.

[](./detail/copytab-urls/lolhdpcjpflggojkdoamneplianpomnl)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pJLqzf8BNjEGRS5RflWT-
kG8SFMutW2namzKNz_G5qNNoZlGZxtUikCo9nlsWRgqwgqBHOwTav3toGbJaC9v6C1Amw=s275-w275-h175)

CopyTab URLs

4.8(13)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 4.8 out of 5 stars. 13 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Effortlessly copy and organize the URLs of your open tabs in one click.

[](./detail/copy-all-urls-20/ljmbgmkmjcldjljaakpbpmchjbodjmdi)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/YD_-4o5w6hU9NY4tQ-
lVbJX_ojZsuG9IdNn4M8X5hoiy9PZ6yBm7Sqr6iyGynAtGAjE9yRSYUwkseR-QVqzXpj9y=s60)

Copy All URL's 2.0

3.1(42)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 3.1 out of 5 stars. 42 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy the currently opened tabs’ URL to the clipboard and paste them in a go to
open them all again. (formats: text, HTML or JSON)

[](./detail/umbrella-copy-all-urls-v3/iodlbflkegnangnopebgjojlgmcbbpdh)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/cgXEhw_azlaPUAFqxtU7f3NcN7AWoRXJUA2OttazVm1bW6QP8rxMxRPhsIkTGAkj44oAh7KNbPlWPNYf_b4th6NYvA=s60)

Umbrella - Copy All URLs V3

3.5(4)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 3.5 out of 5 stars. 4 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Copy URLs from all tabs or selected tabs and paste to open them in new tabs.

[](./detail/bulk-url-opener-extension/hgenngnjgfkdggambccohomebieocekm)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/6-hCBq9gFbMeaV3KRBvW9aO8N5NnIa0ZHS01waGBJ3eAMw7j-U9y4tLDs_WqiHliJYdSFoPvLoV0HtO8_uk0hXW1nC8=s275-w275-h175)

Bulk URL Opener Extension

4.4(109)

[](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Average rating 4.4 out of 5 stars. 109 ratings.

Google doesn't verify reviews. [Learn more about results and
reviews.](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/12225786?p=cws_reviews_results&hl=en-
US)

Open multiple URLs at once

Google apps

  * [About Chrome Web Store](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore/answer/1047776?hl=en-US)
  * [Developer Dashboard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/devconsole/)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://myaccount.google.com/privacypolicy?hl=en-US)
  * [Terms of Service](https://ssl.gstatic.com/chrome/webstore/intl/en-US/gallery_tos.html)
  * [Help](https://support.google.com/chrome_webstore?hl=en-US)

