![](//fls-
na.amazon.com/1/batch/1/OP/A191LFTEBYJTJ3:139-5697043-2961659:1NMGRBRE1M2JC4Q1KBWT$uedata=s:%2Frd%2Fuedata%3Fstaticb%26id%3D1NMGRBRE1M2JC4Q1KBWT:0)

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/icons/star.svg)**Get over $50K
in potential incentives when you start selling with Amazon.**[Learn
how](https://sell.amazon.com/grow#nsi)

  * **Search**

 __

Quick links:

    * [Selling on Amazon](/search?search=Selling%20on%20Amazon)
    * [Fulfillment by Amazon](/search?search=Fulfillment%20by%20Amazon)

  * **English**

### Select your preferred language

    * [English - US](?mons_sel_locale=en_US)
    * [Español - US](?mons_sel_locale=es_US)
    * [中文 - CN](?mons_sel_locale=zh_CN)

  * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/navigation/amazon-logo-squid-menu.svg)![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/navigation/amazon-logo_white-menu.svg)](/?ref_=sdus_soa_home_n)
  * **Start**

### Learn how to sell

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/checklist_outline.svg)**Registering as a seller** Review steps for creating a seller account](https://sell.amazon.com/sell/registration-guide)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/seller_fulfilled_outline.svg)**Listing products** Find out how to match or create listings](https://sell.amazon.com/sell#list-products)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/automate_pricing_usd_outline.svg)**Pricing products** Understand how to set competitive prices](https://sell.amazon.com/sell#price-products)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_check_outline.svg)**Fulfilling customer orders** Decide on a fulfillment method](https://sell.amazon.com/sell#fulfillment-method)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/ads_badge_outline.svg)**Promoting and advertising** Drive discovery with promotions and ads](https://sell.amazon.com/sell#promote-products )

### Get the New Seller Guide

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/explore_outline.svg)**New****Explore the guide** Generate 6x more first-year sales](https://sell.amazon.com/grow)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/brand_registry_outline.svg)**Brand Registry** Protect and build your brand](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_special_outline.svg)**A+ Content** Increase sales with better listings](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/a-content)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_fast_outline.svg)**Fulfillment by Amazon** Outsource shipping, returns, and customer service](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/incentives_usd_outline.svg)**New Seller Incentives** Unlock $50,000 using the guide](https://sell.amazon.com/grow#nsi)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/posters/nsg-mm-
bgplay.webp)**Watch overview**Introducing the New Seller GuideSellers who use
the New Seller Guide during their first 90 days generate approximately 6x more
first-year sales on
average.](https://sell.amazon.com/grow?lang=&v=FX8M9XK8oH8)

[arrow_outward**Not sure where to start? Take our business
quiz**](https://sell.amazon.com/quiz?q=1)[ arrow_outward**Review our
FAQ**](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/faq)

  * **Grow**

### Optimize your operations

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_arrow_outline.svg)**Outsource your supply chain** Get help with shipping, distribution, storage, and fulfillment](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/supply-chain)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/warehousing_outline.svg)**Fulfill orders from your own warehouse** Get faster, cheaper, and more accurate deliveries](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/fulfilled-by-merchant)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/brand_centric_outline.svg)**Launch your brand** Build customer loyalty with brand tools](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry)

### Reach more customers

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/advertising_outline.svg)**Advertise with Amazon** Advertise in and beyond the Amazon store](https://sell.amazon.com/advertising)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/small_medium_business_outline.svg)**Sell B2B** Connect with business customers](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/amazon-business)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/globe_outline.svg)**Sell globally** Sell to Amazon customers worldwide](https://sell.amazon.com/global-selling)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/stock/shipping-
containers_278664982.jpg)Outsource your supply chainGet end-to-end supply
chain management for multiple sales
channels.](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/supply-chain)

[arrow_outward**Not sure where to start? Take our business
quiz**](https://sell.amazon.com/quiz?q=1)[ arrow_outward**Review our
FAQ**](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/faq)

  * **Services**

### Tools

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/app_store_outline.svg)**Find apps and service providers** Find software and service providers](https://sell.amazon.com/tools#apps-services)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/brand_registry_outline.svg)**Build your brand** Try Amazon tools to grow brand loyalty](https://sell.amazon.com/tools#brands)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/lightbulb_outline.svg)**Get feedback and insights** Review customer traffic, sales, and ratings](https://sell.amazon.com/tools#feedback)
    * [**View all tools**](https://sell.amazon.com/tools)

### Programs

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/fulfillment_center_outline.svg)**Simplify your supply chain** Get help with shipping, storage, and fulfillment ](https://sell.amazon.com/programs#supply-chain)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/customer_segments_outline.svg)**Engage with customers** Advertise, promote, and connect with customers](https://sell.amazon.com/programs#engage)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/enhanced_content_outline.svg)**Sell specialty products** Offer handmade, pre-owned, or customized items](https://sell.amazon.com/programs#specialty-products)
    * [**View all programs**](https://sell.amazon.com/programs)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/posters/br-
feature.webp)Amazon Brand RegistryEnroll your brand with Amazon to access a
suite of brand-building tools and protection
benefits.](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry)

[arrow_outward**Not sure where to start? Take our business
quiz**](https://sell.amazon.com/quiz?q=1)[ arrow_outward**Review our
FAQ**](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/faq)

  * **Resources**

### Learning

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/seller_university_outline.svg)**Seller University** Learn how to sell with Amazon](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/seller-university)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/reading_outline.svg)**Blog** Get ecommerce tips and info](https://sell.amazon.com/blog)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/video_clapper_outline.svg)**Case studies** Read seller success stories](https://sell.amazon.com/case-studies)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/information_outline.svg)**Announcements** Stay up date on events and services](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/announcements)
    * [**View all resources**](https://sell.amazon.com/learn)

### Guides

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/computer_outline.svg)**How to sell online** Get an overview for running an ecommerce business](https://sell.amazon.com/sell-online)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/desktop_shopping_outline.svg)**What is ecommerce?** Understand how to launch an online sales channel](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/what-is-ecommerce)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_hand_outline.svg)**Inventory management best practices** Discover how to manage and track your inventory](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/inventory-management)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_outline.svg)**What is dropshipping?** Find out how to outsource handling and delivery](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/what-is-dropshipping)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/book_outline.svg)**How to sell books** Learn how to sell books online](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/how-to-sell-books)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/store_outline.svg)**How to build an online store** Get tips for setting up an ecommerce storefront](https://sell.amazon.com/build-an-online-store)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/posters/business-quiz-
feature.webp)**Take the quiz**Recommendations for your businessAnswer three
questions and we’ll suggest the right resources for your
business.](https://sell.amazon.com/quiz?q=1)

[arrow_outward**Not sure where to start? Take our business
quiz**](https://sell.amazon.com/quiz?q=1)[ arrow_outward**Review our
FAQ**](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/faq)

  * **Pricing**

### Review fees and costs

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/cost_per_click_usd_outline.svg)**Standard selling fees** Review selling plan and referral fees](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/paid_service_usd_outline.svg)**Costs for optional services** Understand costs for optional Amazon services](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/optional-costs)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_fast_outline.svg)**Costs for Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)** Get a breakdown of costs for this popular program](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon#fba-costs)

### Estimate fees and costs

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/calculator_usd_outline.svg)**Get an estimate for a product** Preview selling fees, fulfillment costs, and revenue](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/estimate#products)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/package_tracking_outline.svg)**Compare estimates by fulfillment method** Compare FBA with other fulfillment methods](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/estimate#fulfillment)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/shipping_options_outline.svg)**Get an estimate for your FBA inventory** Preview selling fees and costs for your FBA products](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/estimate#fba)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/posters/rev-calc-
feature.webp)Revenue CalculatorCalculate fees and costs for a product,
comparing fulfillment
methods.](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/estimate#fulfillment)

[arrow_outward**Not sure where to start? Take our business
quiz**](https://sell.amazon.com/quiz?q=1)[ arrow_outward**Review our
FAQ**](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/faq)

  * [**Log in**](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/signin?ref_=sdus_soa_gn_sc-login_pn&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect_SDLI_N_MM&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [**Sign up**](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/on-board/workflow/Registration/login.html?passthrough%2Faccount=fba_soa&passthrough%2FmarketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&passthrough%2FsuperSource=OAR&ref_=sdus_soa_sell_rp_n_mm&passthrough%2FinitialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&passthrough%2Fld=SDUSSOADirect_SDRP_N_MM&passthrough%2FpageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/icons/star.svg)**Get over $50K
in potential incentives when you start selling with Amazon.**[Learn
how](https://sell.amazon.com/grow#nsi)

  * ### Start

### Learn how to sell

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/checklist_outline.svg)**Registering as a seller** Review steps for creating a seller account](https://sell.amazon.com/sell/registration-guide)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/seller_fulfilled_outline.svg)**Listing products** Find out how to match or create listings](https://sell.amazon.com/sell#list-products)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/automate_pricing_usd_outline.svg)**Pricing products** Understand how to set competitive prices](https://sell.amazon.com/sell#price-products)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_check_outline.svg)**Fulfilling customer orders** Decide on a fulfillment method](https://sell.amazon.com/sell#fulfillment-method)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/ads_badge_outline.svg)**Promoting and advertising** Drive discovery with promotions and ads](https://sell.amazon.com/sell#promote-products )

### Get the New Seller Guide

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/explore_outline.svg)**New****Explore the guide** Generate 6x more first-year sales](https://sell.amazon.com/grow)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/brand_registry_outline.svg)**Brand Registry** Protect and build your brand](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_special_outline.svg)**A+ Content** Increase sales with better listings](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/a-content)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_fast_outline.svg)**Fulfillment by Amazon** Outsource shipping, returns, and customer service](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/incentives_usd_outline.svg)**New Seller Incentives** Unlock $50,000 using the guide](https://sell.amazon.com/grow#nsi)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/posters/nsg-mm-
bgplay.webp)**Watch overview**Introducing the New Seller GuideSellers who use
the New Seller Guide during their first 90 days generate approximately 6x more
first-year sales on
average.](https://sell.amazon.com/grow?lang=&v=FX8M9XK8oH8)

### Grow

### Optimize your operations

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_arrow_outline.svg)**Outsource your supply chain** Get help with shipping, distribution, storage, and fulfillment](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/supply-chain)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/warehousing_outline.svg)**Fulfill orders from your own warehouse** Get faster, cheaper, and more accurate deliveries](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/fulfilled-by-merchant)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/brand_centric_outline.svg)**Launch your brand** Build customer loyalty with brand tools](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry)

### Reach more customers

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/advertising_outline.svg)**Advertise with Amazon** Advertise in and beyond the Amazon store](https://sell.amazon.com/advertising)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/small_medium_business_outline.svg)**Sell B2B** Connect with business customers](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/amazon-business)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/globe_outline.svg)**Sell globally** Sell to Amazon customers worldwide](https://sell.amazon.com/global-selling)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/stock/shipping-
containers_278664982.jpg)Outsource your supply chainGet end-to-end supply
chain management for multiple sales
channels.](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/supply-chain)

### Services

### Tools

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/app_store_outline.svg)**Find apps and service providers** Find software and service providers](https://sell.amazon.com/tools#apps-services)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/brand_registry_outline.svg)**Build your brand** Try Amazon tools to grow brand loyalty](https://sell.amazon.com/tools#brands)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/lightbulb_outline.svg)**Get feedback and insights** Review customer traffic, sales, and ratings](https://sell.amazon.com/tools#feedback)
    * [**View all tools**](https://sell.amazon.com/tools)

### Programs

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/fulfillment_center_outline.svg)**Simplify your supply chain** Get help with shipping, storage, and fulfillment ](https://sell.amazon.com/programs#supply-chain)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/customer_segments_outline.svg)**Engage with customers** Advertise, promote, and connect with customers](https://sell.amazon.com/programs#engage)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/enhanced_content_outline.svg)**Sell specialty products** Offer handmade, pre-owned, or customized items](https://sell.amazon.com/programs#specialty-products)
    * [**View all programs**](https://sell.amazon.com/programs)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/posters/br-
feature.webp)Amazon Brand RegistryEnroll your brand with Amazon to access a
suite of brand-building tools and protection
benefits.](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry)

### Resources

### Learning

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/seller_university_outline.svg)**Seller University** Learn how to sell with Amazon](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/seller-university)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/reading_outline.svg)**Blog** Get ecommerce tips and info](https://sell.amazon.com/blog)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/video_clapper_outline.svg)**Case studies** Read seller success stories](https://sell.amazon.com/case-studies)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/information_outline.svg)**Announcements** Stay up date on events and services](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/announcements)
    * [**View all resources**](https://sell.amazon.com/learn)

### Guides

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/computer_outline.svg)**How to sell online** Get an overview for running an ecommerce business](https://sell.amazon.com/sell-online)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/desktop_shopping_outline.svg)**What is ecommerce?** Understand how to launch an online sales channel](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/what-is-ecommerce)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_hand_outline.svg)**Inventory management best practices** Discover how to manage and track your inventory](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/inventory-management)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_outline.svg)**What is dropshipping?** Find out how to outsource handling and delivery](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/what-is-dropshipping)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/book_outline.svg)**How to sell books** Learn how to sell books online](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/how-to-sell-books)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/store_outline.svg)**How to build an online store** Get tips for setting up an ecommerce storefront](https://sell.amazon.com/build-an-online-store)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/posters/business-quiz-
feature.webp)**Take the quiz**Recommendations for your businessAnswer three
questions and we’ll suggest the right resources for your
business.](https://sell.amazon.com/quiz?q=1)

### Pricing

### Review fees and costs

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/cost_per_click_usd_outline.svg)**Standard selling fees** Review selling plan and referral fees](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/paid_service_usd_outline.svg)**Costs for optional services** Understand costs for optional Amazon services](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/optional-costs)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/box_fast_outline.svg)**Costs for Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)** Get a breakdown of costs for this popular program](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon#fba-costs)

### Estimate fees and costs

    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/calculator_usd_outline.svg)**Get an estimate for a product** Preview selling fees, fulfillment costs, and revenue](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/estimate#products)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/package_tracking_outline.svg)**Compare estimates by fulfillment method** Compare FBA with other fulfillment methods](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/estimate#fulfillment)
    * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-toolkit/guides/design/iconography/icon-outlined/shipping_options_outline.svg)**Get an estimate for your FBA inventory** Preview selling fees and costs for your FBA products](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/estimate#fba)

###

[![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/images/posters/rev-calc-
feature.webp)Revenue CalculatorCalculate fees and costs for a product,
comparing fulfillment
methods.](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing/estimate#fulfillment)

    * **English**

### Select your preferred language

      * [English - US](?mons_sel_locale=en_US)
      * [Español - US](?mons_sel_locale=es_US)
      * [中文 - CN](?mons_sel_locale=zh_CN)

    * [**Log in**](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/signin?ref_=sdus_soa_gn_sc-login_pn&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect_SDLI_N_MM&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
    * [**Sign up**](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/on-board/workflow/Registration/login.html?passthrough%2Faccount=fba_soa&passthrough%2FmarketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&passthrough%2FsuperSource=OAR&ref_=sdus_soa_sell_rp_n_mm&passthrough%2FinitialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&passthrough%2Fld=SDUSSOADirect_SDRP_N_MM&passthrough%2FpageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)

  * [![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/navigation/amazon-logo-squid-menu.svg)![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/navigation/amazon-logo_white-menu.svg)](/?ref_=sdus_soa_home_n)

  *  __

Quick links:

    * [Selling on Amazon](/search?search=Selling%20on%20Amazon)
    * [Fulfillment by Amazon](/search?search=Fulfillment%20by%20Amazon)

  * [**Sign up**](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/on-board/workflow/Registration/login.html?passthrough%2Faccount=fba_soa&passthrough%2FmarketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&passthrough%2FsuperSource=OAR&ref_=sdus_soa_sell_rp_n_mm&passthrough%2FinitialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&passthrough%2Fld=SDUSSOADirect_SDRP_N_MM&passthrough%2FpageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)

[Getting started](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/getting-started)

# Amazon SEO: 7 ways to improve your product’s search rankings

Mar 6, 2024

7 Min read

Daisy Quaker

![Amazon.com product search results with the #1 product
highlighted](https://cdn.sell2.brightspotcdn.com/dims4/default/207640e/2147483647/strip/true/crop/2396x1600+0+0/resize/328x219!/quality/90/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsell2-production-
sell2.s3.us-
west-2.amazonaws.com%2Fbrightspot%2F6e%2F68%2Fdad4d6ce4dd1a16746988409ca69%2Fproduct-
results.jpg)

  * Copy

Link copied

  * [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsell.amazon.com%2Fblog%2Famazon-seo&text=Amazon%20SEO%3A%207%20ways%20to%20improve%20your%20product%E2%80%99s%20search%20rankings&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [ Print](javascript:window.print\(\))
  * [ LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsell.amazon.com%2Fblog%2Famazon-seo&mini=true&title=Amazon%20SEO%3A%207%20ways%20to%20improve%20your%20product%E2%80%99s%20search%20rankings&summary=Here%E2%80%99s%20a%20guide%20to%20Amazon%20SEO%2C%20with%20tips%20for%20researching%20keywords%20and%20optimizing%20product%20offers%20to%20connect%20with%20more%20customers.&source=Amazon%20Selling%20Partner%20Blog&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)

  * Copy

Link copied

  * [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsell.amazon.com%2Fblog%2Famazon-seo&text=Amazon%20SEO%3A%207%20ways%20to%20improve%20your%20product%E2%80%99s%20search%20rankings&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [ Print](javascript:window.print\(\))
  * [ LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsell.amazon.com%2Fblog%2Famazon-seo&mini=true&title=Amazon%20SEO%3A%207%20ways%20to%20improve%20your%20product%E2%80%99s%20search%20rankings&summary=Here%E2%80%99s%20a%20guide%20to%20Amazon%20SEO%2C%20with%20tips%20for%20researching%20keywords%20and%20optimizing%20product%20offers%20to%20connect%20with%20more%20customers.&source=Amazon%20Selling%20Partner%20Blog&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)

## Here’s a guide to Amazon SEO, with tips for researching keywords and
optimizing product offers to connect with more customers.

[Sign up*](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/on-
board/workflow/Registration/login.html?passthrough%2Faccount=fba_soa&passthrough%2FmarketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&passthrough%2FsuperSource=OAR&ref_=sdus_blog_aseo_rp_h&passthrough%2FinitialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&passthrough%2Fld=SDUSSOADirect&passthrough%2FpageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

When done right, Amazon search engine optimization (SEO) can be a win-win for
sellers and customers alike. Effective optimization can boost sales while
helping shoppers find the products they want. This guide will cover:  

  * What Amazon SEO is
  * How SEO works in the Amazon store
  * Ways to improve your rankings

## What is Amazon SEO and why does it matter?

Amazon search engine optimization (SEO) refers to a number of strategies you
can use to improve product and brand visibility in Amazon search results. For
example, you can conduct keyword research and add search terms to product
titles and descriptions. You can also tweak photos and adjust price points to
organically move up in search results and generate more sales.

Let’s dive into the details of how to improve your selling potential and
connect with more customers through SEO.

## How Amazon SEO works: 5 components

Here’s a quick overview of how customers find products in the Amazon store.

### 1\. Amazon search box

Customers find products by typing a term or phrase into the Amazon search box
and browsing through results. There’s also a drop-down menu of departments
like **Pet Supplies** and **Sports & Outdoors**.

Did you know?

Anyone can use Amazon SEO to grow sales

You don’t need to be a search optimization specialist to take your sales to
the next level. All Amazon sellers, [including
resellers](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/reselling) and [brand
owners](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry), can use keyword research and
other SEO methods to optimize product listings and drive sales.  
  
If you enrolled a brand in [Amazon Brand
Registry](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/what-is-amazon-brand-registry)—a free
resource to help build and protect your brand—you can also access [advanced
SEO resources](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/brand-analytics) like the [Search
Query
Performance](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G8J4CB5ZBF3NX7TP?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo) dashboard and [Top Search
Terms](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/G5NXWNY8HUD3VDCW?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo) dashboard.

[ Learn more about Amazon selling plans
](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing#selling-plans)

### 2\. Search filters

Customers refine a search by using different filters like delivery day,
customer reviews, and price. The Amazon homepage also has links to [Best
Sellers](https://www.amazon.com/gp/bestsellers/?ref_=nav_em_cs_bestsellers_0_1_1_2&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo), [New Releases](https://www.amazon.com/gp/new-
releases/?ref_=nav_em_cs_newreleases_0_1_1_3&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo), [Movers & Shakers](https://www.amazon.com/gp/movers-and-
shakers/?ref_=nav_em_ms_0_1_1_4&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo), and other collections.

### 3\. Search results page

The Amazon search engine results page shows product offers to customers so
they can compare prices, shipping options, and other factors.

### 4\. Amazon sales rank

The [Amazon Best Sellers list](https://www.amazon.com/Best-
Sellers/zgbs?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo) shows the most popular products in the Amazon store based on real-time
sales. [Best Sellers Rank](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/amazon-best-sellers-
rank) is a metric that indicates how well a product is selling within featured
categories.

### 5\. Sponsored Products and advertising

Cost-per-click ads like [Sponsored
Products](https://sell.amazon.com/advertising/sponsored-products) and other
forms of [ecommerce marketing](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/ecommerce-
marketing) can help offers rise through search results, stand apart from the
competition, and capture the attention of customers.

[Learn more about Amazon advertising](https://sell.amazon.com/advertising)

Did you know?

Listing quality and your account health can contribute to search rankings

After you sign up for an Amazon selling account, [dashboards in your Seller
Central account](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/amazon-seller-dashboard) will
give you performance insights and recommendations for making improvements to
your listings, account health, and other areas like [inventory
management](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/inventory-management). That can help
contribute to your sales.  
  
You can also use Amazon-approved, third-party apps to [automate, manage, and
grow your business](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/ecommerce-automation).

[ Explore the Selling Partner Appstore
](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/selling-partner-appstore)

## 7 ways to improve search rankings and boost sales

### 1\. Conduct keyword research

What words and phrases are customers using to find products like the ones you
offer? Which keywords should you be targeting in your product titles,
descriptions, and ads in order to drive sales? Do some keyword research to
find out.

There are many different ways to perform keyword research. Here are a few
strategies:  

  * Type a variety of keywords into the [Amazon search box](https://www.amazon.com?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo). Mine the suggestions in the drop-down menu for ideas, then compile a comprehensive list of keywords that could be valuable for your offers.
  * Take a look at your competition. Scan competitor offers for words and phrases that might enhance your content.
  * Use SEO tools to dig into keywords, discover related phrases, explore demand, and find data to guide your strategy. [Product Opportunity Explorer](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/product-opportunity-explorer) is one tool you can use to identify top search terms and trends in Amazon customer search volume.

While performing research, think in terms of “short-tail” and “long-tail”
keywords.  

  * Short-tail refers to words and phrases that tend to be broad in terms of search intent, such as “furniture” or “shoes.” They might have high search volumes along with high competition.
  * Long-tail refers to a more specific words and phrases like “water resistant lawn furniture” or “vegan leather brown loafers.” These queries might be less popular, but they could enjoy higher sales conversion rates because their search intent is more specific.

Try to use a mix of short- and long-tail keywords in your product content.
Remember, short-tail keywords can have high visibility but might be harder to
rank for, while long-tail phrases might increase conversions but have lower
search volumes.

Pro Tip

Use Amazon keyword research tools

When optimizing for search, data and analytics on customer search behavior can
give you a leg up. You can get insights into target keywords by using tools
like [Product Opportunity Explorer](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/product-
opportunity-explorer)**,** which provides up-to-date data on trends in
customer search patterns, product demand, and profitable niches.  
  
Another great option for keyword research available to enrolled brands is
[Amazon Brand Analytics](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/brand-analytics), which
contains a collection of dashboards for exploring aggregate customer search
and purchasing data. For instance, the [Search Query
Performance](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/G8J4CB5ZBF3NX7TP?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo) dashboard shows the top queries leading customers to your brand, along
with metrics for impressions, clicks, cart adds, and more. **__**

[ Learn more about Brand Analytics ](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/amazon-
brand-analytics)

### 2\. Craft high-performing product titles

Product titles are a great place to use the primary keywords you identify
through your keyword research.

To craft concise and compelling titles, put yourself in the customer’s shoes
and think about the most important details they want to know. The product
title is an appropriate place to highlight:  

  * Product type
  * Brand name
  * Descriptive information like color or size

For example, the title “Good Sleep Collection, Pillow Cases (Blue, Set of 2)”
will likely perform better than “Blue Pillow Cases” because it includes the
brand name (Good Sleep) and product line (Premium Collection) along with
details about the material and other key attributes.

Keep in mind the Amazon product title character limit is 200, and we recommend
no more than 60. Include only the most important keywords to capture the
attention of your intended customer. Don’t worry—you’ll have a chance to add
more keywords in other parts of the [product detail
page](https://sell.amazon.com/sell#product-detail-page) like the product
description, which we’ll cover next.

Pro Tip

**Test different keywords with Manage Your Experiments to improve sales**

Manage Your Experiments allows brands enrolled in [Amazon Brand
Registry](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry) to run A/B tests comparing
two versions of a product title, image, description, or other content types in
order to find out what resonates more with customers.  
  
For example, you might find that a short product title performs better than a
long product title.

[ Learn more about Manage Your Experiments
](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/manage-your-experiments)

### 3\. Create informative product descriptions

The product description is an opportunity to use secondary keywords to expand
on features and benefits, helping customers find and evaluate your products.
Here are some examples of the types of details you might want to mention in a
product description:  

  * Materials
  * Colors
  * Quantities
  * Sizes
  * Dimensions
  * Care instructions
  * Warranty information

Have you heard of keyword stuffing? It refers to repeating or overusing
keywords in an effort to help a product rank in search results. Keyword
stuffing can create a poor customer experience and hurt your rankings.
Instead, focus on writing naturally and provide the information your audience
is seeking.

Here’s a good rule of thumb for product descriptions: if you use a key phrase
once, you probably don’t need to use it again. Refer to your research and try
to use keyword variations, weaving in as many valuable phrases as possible
while ensuring they make sense in context

[Watch: Intro to product detail
pages](https://youtu.be/a2FB6PUKpWc?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

Pro Tip

Bring products to life with A+ Content

A+ Content is**** an advanced option for adding rich text, images, videos, and
product-comparison charts to your product detail pages. A+ Content can help
increase sales and is free for brands enrolled in [Amazon Brand
Registry](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry).

[ Learn more about A+ Content ](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/a-content)

### **4\. Highlight key details with bullet points**

The bullet point section on a product detail page can be another opportunity
to use keywords effectively, balance the level of detail you’re providing, and
enhance the customer experience.

When crafting bullet points for product page, choose the most important
details you want to stand out. Highlight a product’s design, illustrate
special features, or explain unique uses. Think about it from the customer’s
point of view and highlight related terms or features they might be looking
for in the product.

When formatting bullet points, start with a one- or two-word description, then
offer an explanation in 100 characters or fewer. Use fragments (no need for
full sentences) and capitalize the first letter of each bullet. Using these
[tips to craft great bullet
points](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/GX5L8BF8GLMML6CX?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo) can help your product stand out to customers.

### 5\. Add back-end search terms

You can add keywords to a product’s catalog data. These keywords are not
visible to customers, but they can still help a product rank for specific
searches.

To add search terms for a product:  

  * Log in to your Amazon Seller Central account.
  * Under **Inventory** in the main menu, go to **Manage All Inventory.**
  * Find the listing where you want to add backend keywords and click **Edit**.
  * Click the **Product details** tab.
  * Enter your keywords in the **Generic keyword** field.

Use this section as a spillover for keywords you want to include if you run
out of room or if they don’t fit naturally in other parts of the product
detail page. Include synonyms, abbreviations, and alternative names for
products, but avoid redundant or irrelevant terms.

When entering back-end keywords, use all lowercase letters and separate words
with spaces only. You can also skip articles and prepositions.

[Learn more about using search terms
effectively](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/G23501?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

### 6\. Showcase high-quality product images

Images can convey key information about a product to customers that can be
difficult to communicate with words alone. Use the following best practices
for product photography:  

  * Include a variety of shots showing the product from different angles.
  * Highlight key features.
  * Make sure images are clear, focused, and well-lit.
  * Use plain white backgrounds.
  * Have the product fill 85% or more of the frame.

Research best practices for professional product photography based on the type
of product you want to offer, such as
[clothing](https://sell.amazon.com/sell/clothes) or
[jewelry](https://sell.amazon.com/sell/jewelry).

When adding images to your product detail pages, make sure you’re [making the
most of the “alt-
text”](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/G202134820?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo), which provides another opportunity to optimize SEO and help your product
appear in search results. Alt-text isn’t visible on the product detail page,
but it describes the image to visually impaired customers and is ranked by
search engines. Alt-text should be a simple sentence describing the image that
includes 1-2 keywords.

### 7\. Adjust product prices to drive sales

Adjusting your list price to stay competitive can improve your product ranking
and increase sales. To find your pricing sweet spot, try the following:  

  * Consider your costs (including shipping costs) and calculate your margins to make sure you can make a profit. The [Revenue Calculator](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/GWYBC38TZGCUNRKW?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo) can help you estimate profits and margins for a products by fulfillment method.
  * Research your competitors. Take a look at prices for similar products to get a sense for the range of appropriate price points.

You can also use Amazon’s Automate Pricing feature to automatically adjust
prices across your inventory.

[Learn more about Automate Pricing](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/automate-
pricing)

## Other Amazon tools for growing sales

SEO is just one of the many ways you can attract customers. You might also
explore [earning positive reviews](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/vine) or
offering faster delivery through [Fulfillment by Amazon
(FBA)](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon), a fulfillment option
that allows you to ship products into Amazon’s fulfillment network and
outsource packing, shipping, customer service, and returns.

You can also turn to resources like [Seller
University](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/seller-university) or [Strategic
Account Services](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/paid-services) for
additional support.

#### Frequently Asked Questions

Q:

######  **How can you improve Amazon ranking?**

A:

Amazon SEO methods and customer engagement best practices can help you rise
through search rankings and achieve higher sales volumes. You can also select
product categories with care, optimize listings, and set competitive prices to
help [improve sales conversion and Best Sellers
Rank](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/amazon-best-sellers-rank).

Q:

######  **What are some Amazon SEO tools?**

A:

Amazon offers many resources that can aid your SEO efforts, including:  

  * [Amazon Brand Analytics](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/amazon-brand-analytics)
  * [Product Opportunity Explorer](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/product-opportunity-explorer)
  * [Amazon Ads](https://sell.amazon.com/advertising/)
  * [Manage Your Experiments](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/manage-your-experiments)
  * [A+ Content](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/a-content)

Q:

######  **What is Amazon’s Featured Offer and how does it work?**

A:

Multiple sellers can sell the same product through a single product detail
page. The [Amazon Featured Offer](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/buy-box-
featured-offer) is the offer that appears at the top right of a product detail
page along with the Buy Now and Add to Cart buttons. You can optimize offers
so that they appear in this area, which can help increase your sales.

Q:

######  Does Amazon have keyword research tools?

A:

Enrolling your brand in Amazon Brand Registry gives you access to [Amazon
Brand Analytics](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/amazon-brand-analytics), which
includes the Search Catalog Performance, Search Query Performance, and Top
Search Terms dashboards. Together, these dashboards can provide you with
insights about the search terms that are driving customers to your products
and to similar products across the Amazon store.

Q:

######  How can sellers find competitor keywords in the Amazon store?

A:

While you can’t find competitor keywords, you can gain valuable insight into
popular keywords using [Product Opportunity
Explorer](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/product-opportunity-explorer). This
tool helps you identify customer search patterns and trends so you can see
what keywords in your niche may help elevate your products in search.

Q:

######  How can sellers see keyword search frequency in the Amazon store?

A:

The Top Search Terms dashboard, accessible to brands through [Amazon Brand
Analytics](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/amazon-brand-analytics), is a great
way to identify frequently used search terms. It will also show you the search
frequency rank for top terms and the product titles for the three top-clicked
products.

![LR_1680x876_Amazon_Fulfillment.jpg](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaGVpZ2h0PSI0MzhweCIgd2lkdGg9Ijg0MHB4Ij48L3N2Zz4=)

## Start selling today

Connect with customers around the world who are searching for products like
yours.

[Sign up*](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/on-
board/workflow/Registration/login.html?passthrough%2Faccount=fba_soa&passthrough%2FmarketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&passthrough%2FsuperSource=OAR&ref_=sdus_blog_aseo_rp_pf&passthrough%2FinitialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&passthrough%2Fld=SDUSSOADirect&passthrough%2FpageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

*A Professional selling plan is $39.99 a month + selling fees. [Learn more](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing)

![Daisy
Quaker](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2OHB4IiB3aWR0aD0iNjBweCI+PC9zdmc+)

Daisy Quaker

Daisy Quaker is a Sr. Marketing Manager at Amazon who’s driven by helping
entrepreneurs and brands discover opportunities to reach more customers
through Amazon stores. She also enjoys the outdoors, art museums, and good
food.

Related articles

[
![seller-504549763.jpg](https://cdn.sell2.brightspotcdn.com/dims4/default/dab4e99/2147483647/strip/true/crop/1068x1068+266+0/resize/80x80!/quality/90/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsell2-production-
sell2.s3.us-
west-2.amazonaws.com%2Fbrightspot%2F02%2Fd7%2F25fd86024ae98b1e380b5576d7c1%2Fseller-504549763.jpg)
](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/amazon-business-invoice)

[How Amazon Business invoices work for
sellers](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/amazon-business-invoice)

May 23, 2025

7 Min read

[
![seller-825430625.jpg](https://cdn.sell2.brightspotcdn.com/dims4/default/8e6767e/2147483647/strip/true/crop/1068x1068+266+0/resize/80x80!/quality/90/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsell2-production-
sell2.s3.us-
west-2.amazonaws.com%2Fbrightspot%2Fe1%2Fff%2Fc19c1e5944dca461ae565adb7dfe%2Fseller-825430625.jpg)
](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/fba-inventory)

[What is the FBA Inventory tool?](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/fba-inventory)

May 23, 2025

6 Min read

[ ![seller-200033312
1.jpg](https://cdn.sell2.brightspotcdn.com/dims4/default/6881d23/2147483647/strip/true/crop/1067x1067+267+0/resize/80x80!/quality/90/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fsell2-production-
sell2.s3.us-
west-2.amazonaws.com%2Fbrightspot%2F60%2Fb1%2F31f5889d4358a02dbe6732cd2528%2Fseller-200033312-1.jpg)
](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/sell-handmade-products)

[Turn your craft into cash: How to sell handmade products
online](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/sell-handmade-products)

May 23, 2025

3 Min read

Back to top

Read more

[
![seller-250901021.jpg](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzMzFweCIgd2lkdGg9IjU4OHB4Ij48L3N2Zz4=)
](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/sell-furniture-online)

[Getting started](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/getting-started)

[How to sell furniture online](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/sell-furniture-
online)

May 22, 2025

3 Min read

[ ![seller--
603107590.jpg](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzMzFweCIgd2lkdGg9IjU4OHB4Ij48L3N2Zz4=)
](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/customer-product-reviews)

[Getting started](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/getting-started)

[How to get authentic customer reviews for products you sell
online](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/customer-product-reviews)

May 22, 2025

3 Min read

[ ![SKU-inventory-management-lofi-
lede.png](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzMzFweCIgd2lkdGg9IjU4OHB4Ij48L3N2Zz4=)
](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/sku-definition-guide)

[Getting started](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/getting-started)

[What is a SKU—and how does it help ecommerce
sellers?](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/sku-definition-guide)

May 20, 2025

6 Min read

[Home](https://sell.amazon.com) [Blog](https://sell.amazon.com/blog) [Getting
started](https://sell.amazon.com/blog/getting-started) Amazon SEO: 7 ways to
improve your product’s search rankings

EnglishUnited States

✕

### Explore selling on Amazon around the world

  * [Australia](https://sell.amazon.com.au?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Belgium](https://sell.amazon.com.be?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Brazil](https://venda.amazon.com.br?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Canada](https://sell.amazon.ca?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [China](https://gs.amazon.cn?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [France](https://sell.amazon.fr?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Germany](https://sell.amazon.de?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [India](https://sell.amazon.in?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Ireland](https://sellercentral.amazon.ie?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Italy](https://sell.amazon.it?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Japan](https://sell.amazon.co.jp?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Korea](https://sell.amazon.co.kr?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Mexico](https://vender.amazon.com.mx?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Netherlands](https://sell.amazon.nl?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Poland](https://sell.amazon.pl?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Saudi Arabia](https://sell.amazon.sa?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Singapore](https://sell.amazon.com.sg?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [South Africa](https://sellercentral.amazon.co.za?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Spain](https://sell.amazon.es?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Sweden](https://sell.amazon.se?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Taiwan](https://gs.amazon.com.tw?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Thailand](https://sell.amazon.co.th?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [Turkey](https://satis.amazon.com.tr?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [United Arab Emirates](https://sell.amazon.ae?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [United Kingdom](https://sell.amazon.co.uk?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * [United States](https://sell.amazon.com)
  * [Vietnam](https://sell.amazon.vn?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)

Amazon operates stores worldwide, allowing you to grow your business
internationally regardless of where you’re located.

Feedback

  * Sell with Amazon
    * [Sell online](https://sell.amazon.com/sell-online)
    * [How to sell on Amazon](https://sell.amazon.com/sell)
    * [How much does it cost?](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing)
    * [Inventory management](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/inventory-management)
    * [What is dropshipping?](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/what-is-dropshipping)
    * [Sell books online](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/how-to-sell-books)
  * Selling programs
    * [Fulfillment by Amazon](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon)
    * [Amazon Ads](https://sell.amazon.com/advertising)
    * [Global Selling](https://sell.amazon.com/global-selling)
    * [Amazon Business](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/amazon-business)
    * [Strategic Account Services](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/paid-services)
    * [More programs](https://sell.amazon.com/programs)
  * Amazon for brands
    * [Online store builder](https://sell.amazon.com/build-an-online-store)
    * [Amazon Brand Registry](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry)
    * [Amazon Transparency](https://sell.amazon.com/brand-registry/transparency)
    * [Customer Reviews](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/customer-reviews)
    * [Amazon Brand Analytics](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/amazon-brand-analytics)
    * [A+ Content](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/a-content)
  * Resources
    * [Selling Partner Blog](https://sell.amazon.com/blog)
    * [Seller University](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/seller-university)
    * [Seller Central Help](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
    * [Accelerate Seller Event](https://sell.amazon.com/events)
    * [Seller FAQs](https://sell.amazon.com/learn/faq)
    * [More ways to make money](https://www.amazon.com/make-money-with-amazon/b?ie=UTF8&node=13605942011&initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
  * Tools
    * [Login to your selling account](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/homepage.html?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-seo)
    * [Seller Central](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/seller-central)
    * [Amazon Seller App](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/amazon-seller-app)
    * [Selling Partner Appstore](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/selling-partner-appstore)
    * [Find products to sell](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/product-opportunity-explorer)
    * [Revenue calculator](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon#rev-calculator)

✕

Rate this page

Rate your experience with this page

Feedback subject

SuggestionComplimentWebsite contentTechnical issueOther

Select subject

  * Suggestion
  * Compliment
  * Website content
  * Technical issue
  * Other

Please tell us the reason for your rating

500characters remaining

 _Privacy statement_ Personal or sensitive data are not necessary to complete
this survey and should not be provided. By submitting my feedback, I represent
and warrant that no personal or sensitive data(e.g., names, addresses,
telephone numbers or e-mail addresses) have been included in my responses.

Submit

Thanks for the feedback!

Your feedback helps us continually improve our website experience.

✕

### Select your preferred language

  * [English - US](/en/blog/amazon-seo?mons_sel_locale=en_US)
  * [Español - US](/es/blog/amazon-seo?mons_sel_locale=es_US)
  * [中文 - CN](/zh/blog/amazon-seo?mons_sel_locale=zh_CN)

[![Amazon logo](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/sell/navigation/logos/amazon-
logo_rgb_wht.svg)](/?ref_=sdus_soa_home_f)

[Terms of
Service](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/201824360?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy)

© 2025, Amazon.com Services LLC.

[![Facebook logo](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-
toolkit/guides/design/iconography/utility/social_facebook-
white.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/SellonAmazon?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

[![Twitter logo](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-
toolkit/guides/design/iconography/utility/social_x-
white.svg)](https://twitter.com/Sell_on_Amazon?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

[![LinkedIn logo](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-
toolkit/guides/design/iconography/utility/social_linkedin-
white.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/1009933?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

[![YouTube logo](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-
toolkit/guides/design/iconography/utility/social_youtube-
white.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4B8ywA2Cz_K95w2oeWxizg?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

[![Instagram logo](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-
toolkit/guides/design/iconography/utility/social_instagram-
white._CB572896591_.svg)](https://www.instagram.com/sellonamazon/?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

[![TikTok logo](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/sp-marketing-
toolkit/guides/design/iconography/utility/social_tiktok_white.svg)](https://www.tiktok.com/@sellonamazon?initialSessionID=139-5697043-2961659&ld=SDUSSOADirect&pageName=US%3ASD%3Ablog%2Famazon-
seo)

![](//fls-
na.amazon.com/1/batch/1/OP/A191LFTEBYJTJ3:139-5697043-2961659:1NMGRBRE1M2JC4Q1KBWT$uedata=s:%2Frd%2Fuedata%3Fnoscript%26id%3D1NMGRBRE1M2JC4Q1KBWT:0)

