NEW ✨  Let's Crush It on Amazon Together!  [ _Contact Us
Today_](https://www.sellerapp.com/schedule-demo.html?referrer=blogherobar)

[ ![SellerApp Blog](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/SellerApp-white-logo-300X67-1.webp) ![SellerApp
Blog](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20300%2067'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![SellerApp
Blog](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/SellerApp-
Black-logo-1.webp) ](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/)

  * Solutions
    * [Amazon PPC Tool](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-ppc-analyzer.html)
    * [AI Automation](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-ai-automation.html)
    * [Product Research](https://www.sellerapp.com/product-research.html)
    * [Keyword Research](https://www.sellerapp.com/keyword-research.html)
    * [Product Ideas](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-product-ideas.html)
    * [Listing Quality](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-listing-quality.html)
    * [Profit Dashboard](https://www.sellerapp.com/profit-dashboard.html)
  * Services
    * [Amazon PPC Agency](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-ppc-agency.html)
    * [Amazon Listing Service Provider](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-product-listing-service-provider.html)
  * Free Tools
    * [FBA Calculator](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-fba-calculator.html)
    * [Keyword Research](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-keyword-search.html)
    * [Amazon PPC Audit](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-ppc-audit-tool.html)
    * [Listing Quality Checker](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-listing-quality-check.html)
    * [Sales Estimator](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-sales-estimator.html)
  * [Pricing](https://www.sellerapp.com/pricing.html?pricing=amazonSeller)
  * API’s
    * [Amazon Seller API’s](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-seller-api.html)
    * [Amazon Sales Data API](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-sales-data-api.html)
    * [Amazon Product Price API](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-product-price-api.html)
    * [Ecommerce Data API](https://www.sellerapp.com/ecommerce-data-api.html)

[ Contact Sales](https://www.sellerapp.com/schedule-demo.html)

[ ![SellerApp Blog](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/SellerApp-white-logo-300X67-1.webp) ![SellerApp
Blog](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20300%2067'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![SellerApp
Blog](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/SellerApp-
Black-logo-1.webp) ](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/)

  * __Solutions
    * [Amazon PPC Tool](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-ppc-analyzer.html)
    * [AI Automation](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-ai-automation.html)
    * [Product Research](https://www.sellerapp.com/product-research.html)
    * [Keyword Research](https://www.sellerapp.com/keyword-research.html)
    * [Product Ideas](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-product-ideas.html)
    * [Listing Quality](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-listing-quality.html)
    * [Profit Dashboard](https://www.sellerapp.com/profit-dashboard.html)
  * __Services
    * [Amazon PPC Agency](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-ppc-agency.html)
    * [Amazon Listing Service Provider](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-product-listing-service-provider.html)
  * __Free Tools
    * [FBA Calculator](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-fba-calculator.html)
    * [Keyword Research](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-keyword-search.html)
    * [Amazon PPC Audit](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-ppc-audit-tool.html)
    * [Listing Quality Checker](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-listing-quality-check.html)
    * [Sales Estimator](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-sales-estimator.html)
  * [Pricing](https://www.sellerapp.com/pricing.html?pricing=amazonSeller)
  * __API’s
    * [Amazon Seller API’s](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-seller-api.html)
    * [Amazon Sales Data API](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-sales-data-api.html)
    * [Amazon Product Price API](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-product-price-api.html)
    * [Ecommerce Data API](https://www.sellerapp.com/ecommerce-data-api.html)

© 2023 Powered by [ SellerApp](https://www.sellerapp.com/)

# Amazon Product Listings Optimization & Guidelines For Increased Traffic

![amazon product listing optimization
guide](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Amazon-
Listing-Optimizatin-techniques-and-guidelines-1.jpg)

###### [Arishekar N](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/author/arishekar/ "Posts
by Arishekar N")

April 9, 2025  34 mins to read

Shares27[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-
product-listing-guide/&display=popup&ref=plugin&src=share_button "Share on
Facebook")[Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?url=https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-
product-listing-
guide/&text=Amazon%20Product%20Listings%20Optimization%20%26%20Guidelines%20For%20Increased%20Traffic
"Share on
Twitter")[Pin](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-
product-listing-guide/&media=https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2019/01/Amazon-Listing-Optimizatin-techniques-and-
guidelines-1.jpg&description=Amazon%20Product%20Listings%20Optimization%20&%20Guidelines%20For%20Increased%20Traffic
"Share on
Pinterest")[Email](mailto:?subject=Your%20friend%20has%20shared%20an%20article%20with%20you.&body=Amazon%20Product%20Listings%20Optimization%20%26%20Guidelines%20For%20Increased%20Traffic%0D%0Ahttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.sellerapp.com%2Fblog%2Famazon-
product-listing-guide%2F%0D%0A "Share via Email")

Have you ever pondered on why some products always seem to show up in Amazon
searches, while others barely get any attention? Or how do some Amazon product
listings keep getting clicks and have a high rate of sales while others don’t?

The mysterious workings of Amazon’s complex ranking system can sometimes leave
sellers scratching their heads about what will result in increased exposure on
its site – but there are some definite tendencies from which one might
extrapolate trends as to why certain items do better than others.

It seems that many factors contribute to a successful product listing on
Amazon, but one of the most important is product listing optimization. In this
article, we will explore[ crucial aspects of Amazon
SEO](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-seo-guide/) and what guidelines to
follow to optimize your Amazon product listings for driving sales and
improving conversion rates.

### **What is Amazon product listing and why is its optimization important?**

An Amazon product listing or product page tells customers all they need to
know about a given product. It features images, and videos of the products,
product descriptions, and offers customer reviews from those who have already
purchased them.

Amazon product listing optimization is the process of optimizing your listings
to increase traffic and conversion. It is one of the most crucial tactics to
keep your product on top. For you to be successful, you must succeed in this
area and make sure all areas are accounted for from product title,
description, reviews (which should have a significant number), [advertising
strategy](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/advanced-amazon-ppc-strategy-
revealed/), and visibility through keywords and other means.

[![amazon success
steps](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![amazon
success steps](https://cdn.sellerapp.com/Blog_images/amazon-success-
steps.jpg)](https://www.sellerapp.com/schedule-demo.html?referrer=blog-mid)

Amazon product listing optimization is key to creating a personalized and
memorable experience for online shoppers. Not to mention, more than [353
million items](https://www.statista.com/statistics/259782/third-party-seller-
share-of-amazon-platform/) are sold on Amazon, which can create near-endless
competition in the Amazon Marketplace. Therefore, even if you have a top-notch
item to sell, you won’t be able to generate sales if customers can’t find your
product among a sea of competitors. Optimizing these listings ensures that
shoppers will be able to easily locate or search for those products!

Optimizing your Amazon product listing also ensures consistency across
branding, messaging, reviews, and ratings – while simultaneously increasing
visibility on Amazon’s search engine results page.

Related Post: To know more about Amazon Listing Hijacking & How to Prevent it?
[Click here](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-product-listing-hijacking/)

## **Introduction to Amazon’s A9 Algorithm**

A9 is the name of a search engine algorithm that Amazon developed to power its
product searches. It’s been around for about two years and has grown with age,
becoming more complex over time.

A9.com, a subsidiary of Amazon, develops the company’s search engine
advertising technology. However, it is not a functioning brand anymore.

The [Amazon A9 algorithm](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-a9-algorithm/)
is a powerful aspect for sellers to consider finding their way up the
rankings. It is a search methodology that quickly reads and analyzes all the
data on the marketplace to provide you with some of the best possible product
choices. This AI-based framework ranks products with relevant matches for a
customer’s query at the top of its results page. One principle it follows is
relevancy: to rank higher, one must optimize their listings for SEO and make
sure they have strong relevance when customers are searching.

The Amazon ranking algorithm adapts to the search patterns of its customers,
displaying what they are looking for most. The structured data in their
catalog allows them to combine different relevant features and displays search
results tailored specifically for individual shoppers. The algorithm also
learns from its former search patterns and adapts to display important results
to its customers.

### **Factors that determine A9 Algorithm**

Although it’s hard to find information on how exactly their A9 algorithm
works, we have identified various factors that play into the success of your
conversions and sales of product listings. These aspects are:

#### Parent-Child Products

Amazon’s built-in parent/child product functionality is a great way to display
variations of the same products as opposed to displaying them with different
listings. This means that you can expect your customer to find the products on
a single page. Variation themes include color/name, size/count, and scent,
among others! For example, identical t-shirts which vary only by their color;
lipstick available in various shades; etc. With Amazon’s ranking system,
products with multiple options in their listing tend to rank higher than those
without.

Another benefit of doing this includes higher ranking chances on product
searches due to multiple options being shown. With customers staying in the
same place and viewing all other products together, there’s an increased
chance they will make a purchase!

#### Text-Match Relevance

Relevancy is what shapes the content of a product listing. It’s like an
intrinsic ranking system that factors in keywords, descriptions, and even
bullet points to calculate how “relevant” your items are for any given search
term or keyword.

The relevancy of the content is a vital factor in rankings. The better it
matches, the higher up on the list you’ll see them! Creative titles and
keyword-rich descriptions are important for getting your listing to rank high
– but make sure they’re engaging too.

#### Sales Velocity

This is another significant factor that the A9 algorithm considers while
determining the product rankings. To keep the marketplace competitive, it
compares the seller’s transactions and dollar amounts with their competitors
and ranks them accordingly. The seller with the highest sales velocity wins
out.

Amazon calculates both dollar volume (the amount) and quantity of items per
transaction (number). Both are important factors taken into consideration to
determine who earns top rankings on their site.

#### Stock Availability

Ever wondered why your Amazon product listings disappear from the top
rankings? Well, the algorithm that ranks your listing takes into account
whether an item is in stock. If there’s no availability for a product, then
chances are your ranking will be downgraded and customers won’t find your
products. On the other hand, running out of stock negatively impacts your
Amazon account health too.

Running low on inventory also negatively impacts your seller performance
rating which eventually leads to lower sale volume–so don’t wait any longer to
restock those shelves!

#### Pricing

A9 is a tricky algorithm. Besides displaying the[ top-selling and relevant
products](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-best-selling-products/), it
also checks if a product has been priced appropriately. It looks at the best
price and looks at how well your amazon product listing has been represented.
So, try to balance these aspects.

#### FBA

The[ FBA (Fulfillment by Amazon)](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/fba-amazon/)
is one of the most valuable resources for sellers. The fulfillment-by-Amazon
program allows merchants who use their services to stock their products at all
or some of [Amazon’s warehouses](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-fba-
warehouses/) within its geographical proximity. This produces two benefits:

  * A Featured Merchant Status which increases exposure on The Search Page. 
  * An Increased Possibility To Win The Buy Box.

This, in turn, increases your sales velocity and improves conversion rates as
FBA has plenty of benefits. Some of them are easy to return policy, shorter
delivery dates, accountability, etc.

#### Advertising

Sales velocity is yet another most vital factor that Amazon’s A9 search
algorithm looks for. But the question is how to increase your sales velocity?
Well, the answer is through “advertising.” Even a few dollars allotted for
advertising can do a big deed in[ driving
visitors](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izhnT1f90yI&t=3s) to your product
listings. And if the product is impressive enough, you get to generate more
sales.

#### Customer Reviews

Undeniably, reviews play a key role in enhancing overall sales.[ Positive
ratings and reviews](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/get-more-amazon-product-
reviews-legally/) from customers help the A9 algorithm to determine whether
buyers are engaging positively or not. To outshine your competitors with this
part of the marketing strategy, create an incredible customer experience for
visitors browsing through your listings. Engage them by providing answers to
them in the Q&A section of your product listings. Attempt for favorable and
good reviews while mitigating and minimizing the negative feedback.

#### High-Resolution Images

Images are everything in an online marketplace where buyers cannot interact
with the product physically. Bright, clear, high-quality pictures of a product
enhance conversion rates and appeal to Amazon’s A9 algorithm so your listing
ranks higher on search results pages. Upload as many as acceptable images,
taken from all angles, as this appeases the A9 algorithm to boost rankings, as
well as shoppers to provide them with a wide selection of views before they
buy. [AI photo editor](https://skylum.com/luminar-ai) tools can greatly
improve the visual appeal of your Amazon product listing.

Amazon’s recommendation is to have at least 1280 pixels on the longest side.
Ideally, you should go for ultra-HD images that have 2560 pixels (or more) on
the longest side. You can also try images with 3D rendering or an [AI image
generator](https://picsart.com/ai-image-generator/) which instantly create
unique images that fit your brand aesthetic. These images give authentic
appeal to your visitors.

#### Promotions

There are many ways to boost sales velocity and increase conversions, but
promotions can provide a quick bump in sales. However, it’s not a long-term
strategy. Discounting your product may provide you with an immediate boost in
sales and conversions, but you should be very careful while offering them as
discounts often have negative effects on rankings. There are many others more
important, more sustainable “A9” factors to focus on – such as your text match
relevancy and product availability.

#### Amazon A+ Content

Amazon says that [A+ content](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-a-plus-
content/) helps increase the overall sales of a product by 3 – 10% on average.
The increase is because buyers have higher customer satisfaction with products
when they know more about them.

A study performed by
[MediaMind](http://www.iab.net/media/file/MediaMindRichPowerfulResearch.pdf),
where they analyzed 24,000 websites, which experienced about 12 billion
impressions during July & December and discovered that multimedia content
helped boost impressions by 3x.

When it comes to Amazon product listing, there are six elements associated
with it. Be it a private label or [retail
arbitrage](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-retail-arbitrage/), these
aspects are important to understand as a third-party seller:

  * Product Image
  * Product Title
  * Product Description
  * Product Features
  * Product Ratings
  * Product Reviews

#### Brand and Manufacturer

The benefits of including the brand name when listing on Amazon are many.
Besides coming up in filter results, customers will also search for your
product by specific brands and manufacturers to find what they’re looking for
much more quickly than if you didn’t include it.

Amazon does not show products that do not mention a manufacturer or brand.
Therefore, for the ultimate success of your product, make sure to include a
mention of your brand or manufacturer. This will help you get on Amazon’s
radar and ensure that customers searching for products like yours can find
them effortlessly!

Make sure to follow the guidelines for every element related to your product
listings, followed by optimizing and improving them to make them convert. This
helps you outrank your competitors, add value, and increase your customer
base.

#### Category

A customer that wants to purchase a product in the same category may not find
you if your listing is too broad. When adding information about products, make
sure you list them under their most specific category possible for them to
locate your product listings effortlessly.

Related Post: How To Use Amazon Product Category Tree To Optimize Listings.
[Click Here](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-product-categories-tree/)

## **How did we ensure the best Amazon Product Listing Optimization?**

What does it take to have a top-performing listing? At SellerApp, we found
that out by comparing two listings, one of which had well-optimized features
and the other did not. With our [set of amazon
tools](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-free-tools.html), we not only figured
them out but also will explain the key tricks to optimize to improve your
rankings.

So what did we do? We took one product listing from Amazon and analyzed how it
performed so well. Here’s what we discovered:

There are nine sets of parameters that can break or boost the process of
Amazon Product listing optimization. They are:

  * Listing quality
  * Keywords they used
  * Number of images they used
  * ASIN index
  * Number of characters used in the product title
  * The way bullet points were featured
  * The way the product was described
  * Number of reviews and ratings it had
  * Whether it was Fulfilled by Amazon or not

Let’s dive deeper into each parameter and see what made it so successful.

## **How To Optimize Your Amazon Product Listings?**

By ranking higher in Amazon search results, you can increase your sales and
add to the bottom line. But how do we rank high? There are many factors that
go into a successful product listing such as optimizing for keywords, having
quality photos with good lighting, writing an optimized title & description,
and more! Let’s dive deeper into some of these important aspects, so you can
have all the tools necessary to succeed on this platform.

**When we talk about “optimization,” we stress two things here:**

  * Optimized with potential keywords to help rank for[ search terms that buyers search for.](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/optimize-amazon-search-term/)
  * Optimized with the right set of images, title, and description to generate greater conversion rates.

Now, what most sellers tend to forget is the concept behind Amazon’s A9
algorithm. Even though you have an incredible listing that is well optimized
for Amazon, if a buyer feels that “it isn’t good,” then he or she is not going
to buy it. This is obvious.

**It isn’t just about an optimized product listing. It is also about your
product’s quality, its features, and what customers think about it. Everything
has to come together to make your listing successful.**

When you say “optimization,” it is not only about accomplishing higher
rankings on Amazon’s search results. It is also about building a better and
rewarding product overall.

Now, before you could actually get into the actual “optimization,” there is an
important step that you need to do, which is **keyword research**.

### **First, perform a keyword research**

Though you have Google Keyword Planner handy, it is best to have a [keyword
tool](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-keyword-search.html) that only gives
the stats of what buyers are searching on Amazon’s search box. Though this is
completely your freedom of what you want to go with, our “keyword research”
feature can discover some top-searched keywords on Amazon in no time.

You can search for potential keywords based on the product that you are
selling. Type the product category or product that you are selling on Amazon.

Perform Keyword Research. You will get a detailed list of keywords associated
with what you have typed and its stats.

You can even track a few related products if you want to. The tool is that
simple. It also allows you to search for long-tail keywords, and it’s
difficult to rank on Amazon. Once you decided what keywords you want to
target, the next step is to optimize your listing.

### **Amazon Product Listing Optimization**

Here is a list of parameters you must focus on to optimize your product
listing. Make sure to follow them diligently and watch your ranking skyrocket
in no time.

#### **Number of Product Images**

Make sure that your product images are clear and high quality to help you
convert. But how many should you include? You need a strategy for your product
images and 62% of the top listings tend to have at least 5 or 8. According to
[SellerApp’s findings](https://www.sellerapp.com/), the sweet spot is 6
images.

This was the product listing we took from Amazon and did a complete analysis
on its images first.

**Why is this considered the best Amazon product listing example?**

This product generates an estimated sale of 43 to 61 on a daily basis, with a
decent revenue. Though multiple factors call for it, the product image is one
of them. You can evaluate your Amazon product image quality using the
following criteria:

  * Close-up and clear shots of the images
  * Images shouldn’t be blurred
  * The product should be well lit and properly focused
  * The product must be easily recognizable
  * The product should occupy 80% of the space provided

**Besides providing quality images, include as many pictures as possible.
Also, note that many product categories let you include swatch & alternate
images. Though Amazon allows you to upload 9 images, we recommend you to stay
around 5 – 6.**

Ensure that the main pictures are on a clear, white background. However, the
background for others can be clean and simple. You can also use lifestyle
images to provide a better understanding of the product and its features.
Follow these dos and don’ts for an optimum product image for your product
listing –

**Do:**

  * Every image should be clicked in bright white light.
  * Focus the product in the center.
  * The main image should only include the main product. It shouldn’t have accessories, boxes, or other items with it.
  * Keep the image background white.
  * Make sure that the image is large enough to allow the zoom function to work.
  * Include a tagline to explain the durability of the product.
  * Include an infographic about the product’s benefits to help generate more sales.
  * Make sure to use only the JPEG (.jpg) file format.
  * Keep the resolution 72 pixels per inch with a minimum size of 1000 pixels (for the longest side).

**Don’t:**

  * Include logos, texts, or watermarks on the images.
  * Show multiple pictures if the product is a multipack.
  * Include background on the main image. But it is okay if you are doing it for any other secondary image.
  * Show various views of a product in the main image.
  * Include accessories and other things that you are not selling with your product.

#### **Product Title**

There is a correlation between the length of your product’s title and how well
it sells. We analyzed our sales data to see what words are most effective in
generating interest for products over others. Surprisingly, there was an
established relationship between these two factors! What does this mean?
Amazon will take into account those first five words when creating URLs which
means they can be more relevant if you have them at the beginning- especially
since that part makes up about 80% of titles on search engine results pages
(SERPs).

The “canonical URL” is generated by taking each word from its corresponding
listing’s title with a few exceptions: stop words such as “a,” “and,” etc.

How to ensure your product title is up to the mark?

Follow these simple tips to optimize your product listing title-

**Do’s**

  * Your listing should contain at least 80 characters. For a better user experience, make sure the character limit ranges from 100-150 characters.
  * Include potential keywords in the title but use dashes (-) or pipes (|) to break the keywords. This improves readability and doesn’t look confusing.
  * Include color, model number, series, and quantity (if required).
  * If the product is a multi pack. Mention the quantity. Example: 15-pack, set of 5, etc.
  * Integrate your keywords. Make sure to use relevant keywords to ensure your listing appears before relevant leads.
  * Address user intent. Your product title should align with the type of audience you are catering to.
  * Considering that the amazon product title character limit is 200, don’t waste your valuable space adding irrelevant words.
  * Capitalize the first letter of each word in your product title.
  * Use numeric values instead of spelling numbers out, for example, 7 instead of seven.
  * Spell out measurements such as pound, inch, feet, etc.

**Don’ts**

  * Capitalize all the words in the title.
  * Include particular details of your listing. Example: Free shipping.
  * Include subjective adjectives like “fantastic, awesome, great, etc.”
  * Use special characters or HTML tags.
  * Include too much information. Do not overstuff with keywords.

Look at the example below to have a more vivid understanding of how you must
frame your product title.

![amazon product listing
requirements](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20512%20311'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![amazon
product listing requirements](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/amazon-product-listing.jpg)

Hence, it is vital to take some time to work on the titles because it is one
of the crucial factors that decide its **CTR (Click-through Rate)** on the
results page.

#### **Product Description**

[Amazon product description](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-product-
description-editor.html) is one of the most crucial parts of Amazon product
listing optimization. A great product description is a key to success. It can
help you sell more and rank higher in search engines for your products or
services – but only if it’s done well!

If a buyer gets to your product description, he/she is more likely to purchase
your product, however, they are still not sure yet.

Different experts have different opinions in making a great description. But
what it actually takes to create one? Well, it all comes down to creativity
and optimization. A blend of both can improve rankings and convert better.

The description has a direct impact on the customers. Tell them why you are
selling the product for so much? Try convincing the buyers how your product
can make a difference in their day-to-day lives and why is it important to buy
it from you rather than your competitors.

Look at the example below to understand better:

![how to write amazon product
listing](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20512%20164'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![how
to write amazon product listing](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/amazon-product-listing-guidelines.jpg)

The product description above has all the relevant points mentioned, they have
not only kept it short and crisp but also made it precise and easy to
understand. Here are some guidelines you must follow while curating the
perfect Amazon product description:

**Do:**

  * Keep it short, clear, and precise.
  * Give descriptive and factual information.
  * Highlight the important features.
  * Capitalize the first letter of every sentence.
  * Give a page break when writing a new paragraph.
  * Check for grammatical and spelling errors.
  * Include the brand name, model number, and series even if they are used in the title already.
  * Include color, size, and compatibility information.

**Don’t:**

  * Use time-sensitive or subjective terms like “hot-selling this year, great value, etc.”
  * Include shipping or promotional information.
  * Use HTML tags.
  * Include email or web address here.
  * Use symbols or special characters.

**A product description should be concise, clear, and should be clear in
explaining what your product does. We recommend keeping it a minimum of 250
words. But don’t make it too long either.**

#### **Product Features**

Product features are one of the significant elements in a product listing, and
they’re usually listed using **[amazon bullet
points](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-bullet-points/)** rather than
chunks of texts or large paragraphs. This is because it simplifies things,
making it way easier to read than a paragraph full of texts.

Look at the example below to understand better how it’s done –

![amazon product listing
requirements](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20512%20502'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![amazon
product listing requirements](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/amazon-listing-guidelines.jpg)

**Upon analyzing, we also found that most top sellers on Amazon not only use
bullet points to write their product’s features but also don’t overdo it. They
do not exceed 5 bullet points.**

The bullet points must include every important feature that distinguishes you
from your competitors. Keep it interesting and convincing enough for a buyer
to make a purchase.

Follow the below-mentioned guidelines for an optimized product features list –

**Do:**

  * List the most important feature of your product on the first two points followed by the less important ones.
  * Use only 5 bullet points. However, if it is really important to write a little, extend to 6 but not more than that.
  * Incorporate call-to-action words in these points.
  * Make sure that the first letter of every bullet point is capitalized.
  * Include points that help distinguish your product from your competitors.
  * Use a few keywords. But don’t just shove them. It should make sense while reading.

**Don’t:**

  * Use too many keywords unnecessarily.
  * Use exclamation marks to 3-4 full stops.
  * Use too many bullet points.
  * Use special characters or HTML tags.
  * Include shipping or promotional information in bullet points.
  * Include time-sensitive or subjective comments like “hot-selling” or “great value.”
  * Use terms like “unique design, stand out from the crowd, etc.”

#### **Product Ratings**

The reviews of a product have an immense impact on the ratings. They go hand
in hand with each other, thus if you want to make sure that your rating is
high then you should focus not only on producing quality products but also on
having good customer service and responding quickly to any complaints or
problems they might be facing as well! The below listing has 4.3 out of 5
stars which is certainly a fabulous score, but there’s still plenty more room
for improvement so don’t give up yet.

![what is amazon product
listing](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20426%20473'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![what
is amazon product listing](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/best-amazon-listing-examples.jpg)

Now, if you happen to be in the realm of 4-5 stars, it means that your
products are performing really well. However, if your product struggles and
has very fewer ratings, here is what you can do to improve:

  * Look for patterns in bad or negative reviews. What’s the common thing that your customers are complaining about? 
  * Then, come up with an idea or solution to fix it.
  * Gather as much feedback as you can via email campaigns (automated) because this can, at times, help you resolve the issue before a customer leaves a bad review.
  * Accumulate as many reviews as possible and balance them so that you can have a good rating and review overall.

#### **Manage Product Reviews**

It is clear that online shoppers rely on product reviews. Hence, it’s
important to encourage your customers – and leave their honest opinions about
the products you offer. Here are some interesting facts from experts: Products
with 4.3 stars and 400 reviews are certain to perform better (in terms of
sales) than products with even 4.8 ratings and 14 reviews. In general, a
successful product listing tends to have between 500 and 1000 reviews.
Generating a good amount of sales on a daily basis.

More info: [Amazon’s Generative AI: How It Can Help in Amazon Product
Listing](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/enhance-your-product-listings-with-
amazons-generative-ai/)

![amazon product listing
guide](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20512%20183'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![amazon
product listing guide](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/product-listing-on-amazon.jpg)

You can use [Amazon’s Reviewer program](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-
reviewer.html) to gather a few initial reviews. Furthermore, you can opt for
Amazon’s Request a Review and request your buyer to review your product within
4-20 days from the time they bought the product.

### **How to improve product reviews?**

**Step 1:** Ask for product reviews: According to Amazon, it is not permitted
for sellers and manufacturers to offer rewards in return for reviews. However,
you can ask buyers or anyone who has ordered your product in the past few
months if they would be willing to post their thoughts about a purchase
without incentives. Email them after their delivery arrives at their
destination to provide feedback.

**Step 2:** Request Removal of Fake reviews/non-seller-related issues: Reviews
are a crucial part of the online shopping experience, but not all reviews have
to do with products. Reviews sometimes reflect issues that relate to services
such as shipping and customer support inquiries; therefore, such reviews can
be requested to be removed.

**Step 3:** Respond to messages promptly: [Amazon’s Buy
Box](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/how-to-price-right-to-win-the-buy-box/)
algorithm takes into account customer response time when determining the
seller who gets the top ranking. Aim to respond to all messages from customers
within 24 hours and ideally as soon as possible for best results!

##### **Search Terms**

The section – search terms – is shown only in the listing’s back-end. There is
still a lot of discussion around this part, but it isn’t that complicated. All
you have to do is to put your main keywords, **one per line.**

**Do:**

  * Use other primary keywords that you couldn’t use in the product title.
  * Include a few other secondary search terms.
  * Use abbreviations, misspellings, and applications of the product or any other variant.

**Don’t:**

  * Include keywords that you have already used in the title.
  * Use brand name again here because Amazon will pick this up automatically.
  * Use subjective terms like “available now, best, on sale, etc.”
  * Use the seller’s name.

#### **Reduce Exit Rate**

Amazon’s customer experience is all about keeping customers engaged. Even if
they just viewed your product and left the store, their exit rate will already
be higher than it should. The key to combat this issue? Keep them interested
in relevant products – you never know when that might change a mind! Not to
mention, if your exit rate is too high, your product ranking will decline,
causing your sales volume to drop drastically.

## **How To List A New Product On Amazon?**

Amazon product listing involves two things, which you must always keep in
mind:

  * If you sell your own product, you should create a new listing on Amazon. This means that you are the first seller to sell that product in the Amazon Marketplace.
  * If you have multiple merchants selling the same item that you do, then they share a common Amazon listing. You have to use the same and shouldn’t create a new listing for it.

### **Steps to create a new listing:**

**Step 1:** Log in to your seller central account and go to the dashboard.

**Step 2:** On the main menu, click on “Inventory.”

**Step 3:** A sub-menu pops up. Click “Add a Product” from the list.

**Step 4:** You will be redirected to a detailed page where you can add the
product.

![amazon listing
rules](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20512%20230'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![amazon
listing rules](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/amazon-product-description-guidelines.jpg)

**Step 5:** Here, you will have the choice to either select an existing item
or create your own. You can search from Amazon’s catalog or choose to **add a
new product that is not sold on Amazon.**

**Step 6:** Select the product category and subcategorize to classify the item
that you sell. If you feel that your product can be listed under two
categories, then look at the other sellers and see in which category they are
listing their products.

![amazon product listing and content
guide](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20512%20301'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![amazon
product listing and content guide](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/amazon-listing-optimization.jpg)

**Step 7:** Once you select the appropriate product category, you will be
enabled to fill in the product listing’s information.

**Step 8:** You will be asked to fill in the product title, product
description, product images, and so on. Now, this is the part that can make or
break your listing. The details that you give should be engaging and yet
informative. Most importantly, it should be convincing enough for the buyers
to purchase your product.

**Step 9:** You will have to fill details in every tab named _Variations,
Offer, Images, Description, Keywords_ , etc. If you see a red warning symbol
on any of these tabs, it signifies that you have missed entering the essential
details required to make the listing available on Amazon Marketplace. Until
you don’t do this, your listing will not be published.

If you still face issues in publishing the product listing, you can always
contact the [Amazon Seller Support
team](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-seller-support-contact-number/) by
clicking on the link – “Help” on the top, right side of the page. Follow the
necessary steps to get assistance for the issue.

### **Amazon Product Video Guidelines**

Amazon shoppers love it when there’s a video included for the product. A
recent survey found that[ 90% of them](https://neilpatel.com/blog/the-only-
marketing-strategy-you-need/) say videos featuring the products help them in
making their decision, and those listings with videos have higher conversion
rates because they allow buyers to see how well your product works.

Adding videos to your product listing is an intelligent move and one of the
best ways to convince shoppers to purchase something from your store or
website, depending on how much time they put into finding it online before
pulling their trigger.

Now, as a seller, if you are trying to add a product video to your listing
along with the images, then it is simple. But first, learn what type of videos
are there and what each type contributes to.

### **Types of product videos that you can create:**

Generally, there are 3 types of video concepts that you can create to help
your product reach the right audience and keep them engaged.

  * **Product Highlighter Video:** This type of video is clean, simple, and features completely on the product. They are usually a 360° video with the product on a plain, white background.
  * **Customer Experience Video:** This type of video is usually captured by the reviewers, fans, or customers. It offers a realistic experience for other buyers to comprehend the product better.
  * **Product Explanatory Video:** This type of video is of impeccable quality with an engaging script and explains the benefits of using the product.

**Note: You can add a video to Amazon listing in the following ways:**

  * [A+ Content Manager (Enhanced Brand Content](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-enhanced-brand-content/)) – Professional sellers who are brand-registered can access A+ content manager and add a video 
  * [Amazon vendor central](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-vendor-central-pricing/) – Adding videos with Amazon vendor central can be hard as it is an invite-only program. 
  * Adding video with customer reviews – Getting good video reviews from your customer has the ability to provide a positive impact on your product listing. 

### **Guidelines For Adding A Product Video on Amazon**

Before you upload a video, make sure to keep a few things in mind:

  * Make sure that you **have the copyrights to the product video** that you are going to upload.
  * A product video should be **created with high quality resolution**.
  * The product video should either be in its **usual YouTube orientation** or with **16:9 aspect ratio**.
  * The product video should have a **minimum resolution of 1280 × 720** but the **ideal resolution is 1920 × 1080**.
  * The product video should be recorded with a RGB (Red-Green-Blue) color profile with **300 DPI**. However, 72 can be acceptable.
  * The product video **cannot contain multiple brand logos**. It has to be only one.
  * The video should be in any one of these **file formats: MP4, MOV, FLV, AAC, AVI, 3GP, MPEG-2**. Even if you have created it using Apple ProRes, you have to convert it before uploading.
  * The **thumbnail image of the video** should either be in **PNG or JPEG format**.
  * The video’s **thumbnail image should be of high quality**. 
  * The product video **cannot contain your contact information**.
  * The product video **cannot contain distributor or company or seller details**.
  *  The product video **cannot contain your competitor’s products**.
  * The product video **cannot contain your status showing that you are an[authorized seller](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/authority-seller-on-amazon/) or it is solely sold by the authorized resellers**.
  * The product video **cannot contain product’s price**.
  * The product video **cannot contain descriptive promotion information** (e.g. on sale, hot selling, affordable, etc.).
  * The product video **cannot contain time-sensitive information** (e.g. hot this year, on sale now, new item this year, etc.).
  * The product video **cannot contain** **timeline or shipping cost details**.
  * The product video **cannot contain anything that shows it can be used for criminal activity.**
  * The product video **cannot contain information about customer reviews**.
  * The product video **cannot contain third-party or editorial quotes**.
  * The product video **cannot contain guarantee or warranty details**.
  * The product video **cannot contain brand logos that you don’t own**.
  * The product video **cannot contain links to any website other than Amazon**.
  * The product video **cannot contain perverse or offensive content**.

Bear in mind that Amazon keeps updating its product video guidelines. So, make
sure to look at the EBC’s help page or directly go to the link that says
_Video Guidelines_ within the EBC UI.

#### **How To Add A Product Video On Amazon?**

Adding a product video is simple, given that you have been enabled to use this
option. Follow these step-by-step guidelines:

  * **Step 1:** Log in to your Amazon Seller Central account.
  * **Step 2:** Go to _Advertising_ and click on A+ content manager.
  * **Step 3:** Search for your product’s SKU (Stock Keeping Unit).
  * **Step 4:** Click on the button “Get started” to add the video to the respective ASIN.
  * **Step 5:** Upload the video file.
  * **Step 6:** Add the thumbnail for the product video, title, and description.
  * **Step 7:** If the uploaded video includes content that isn’t appropriate for audiences under the age of 18 years, then make sure to select the box that says – “adult audience.”
  * **Step 8:** The process of adding a product video is now done.

It takes a maximum of 6 hours for the video to be available on the product’s
page. Once it is published, it shows up on the image block on the upper left
pane, and again, in the _related videos_ under the product’s information
section.

**If you want to remove the product video from the page, do this:**

  * **Step 1:** Go to the EBC dashboard.
  * **Step 2:** Look for a box that says “delete the video from the detail page.”
  * **Step 3:** Submit the required changes.
  * **Step 4:** Once submitted, your uploaded product video will be removed in 6 hours.

## **How does product listing optimization impact customer decision journey?**

You’ve probably heard of the term, “consumer decision journey.” Well, this is
what we are going to discuss today! The consumer decision journey is a process
where consumers decide which product they want to purchase for themselves or
others based on their needs and wants. Sellers have four important elements
that need improvement in order for them to be successful: availability,
findability, [conversion rate](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-
conversion-rate/) optimization (CRO), and post-purchase experience.

The importance of Amazon Listing Optimization cannot be discussed without also
discussing the Consumer Decision Journey, as they both rely on each other for
success (or lack thereof). Let’s decipher how product listing optimization
comes into play at every step of the customer decision journey –

### **Availability**

Availability is the first key factor when it comes to optimizing your Amazon
listings. When deciding on what factors are important, there are two that you
need to consider: inventory availability and Buy Box ownership. You might have
a collection of the most optimum keywords or the best product images, but if
your product listing gets suppressed due to low or no inventory stocks,
nothing can help you rank high.

One of the [best ways to minimize returns](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/how-
to-turn-amazon-customer-returns-into-profit/) and dissatisfaction from
customers is owning the ‘Buy Box’. When you own it, your store creates a
product listing that customers are more likely to see while shopping on Amazon
than listings created by other sellers.

### **Findability**

Amazon is a fickle beast, but there are ways that you can make your products
more findable. The first step to optimizing your Amazon listing is making sure
everything’s in stock, and you’ve won the [Buy
Box](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-buy-box/). Once you have taken care
of these, focusing on “findability” is the next crucial thing to do.

One of the most important factors in [Amazon’s ranking
algorithm](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-a10-algorithm-updates/) is
your findability. Findability encompasses both organic and advertising
presence, meaning that not only should you be making sure to rank for keywords
within your product category but also ensuring that people can easily navigate
your products.

This means that you have to evaluate the most searched terms that are relevant
to your product listing and add them to your product title, description, and
features. It is also important to include them in backend keywords and
alternate text in images.

### **Conversion**

As a study by[ Nielsen Norman Group](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/page-
fold-manifesto/) shows, “Users do scroll but only if what’s above the fold is
promising enough”, this means that your above-the-fold content is one of the
crucial aspects that has the ability to create a conversion funnel and this
includes your title and image list. Make sure to use the best keywords for
your product listing title and insert high-resolution images.

Below the fold, you’re given more creative control and can dive deeper into
your product. If consumers are 90% sold on a purchase based on what they see
above, then with below-the-fold content shoppers will find additional videos
of their products in action, A+ content, as well as reviews from other
customers who have purchased them before.

### **Post-Purchase**

Optimizing your Amazon listings doesn’t end with conversion. Customer
Satisfaction is an important aspect of product listing optimization. You want
them to have a good experience both on the product side and the seller
storefront, which can be seen in reviews of their products.

A positive indication of a developed post-purchase process is repeat
customers, i.e. customer retention. Not only does this show customer
satisfaction from the product side, but also on your seller storefront through
quick and professional responses to all questions or complaints.

#### **Conclusion**

There’s a reason why Amazon is the largest [online
retailer](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/online-arbitrage-vs-retail-
arbitrage/) in the world. People around the globe use it to search for
products 3 times as often as they do Google! It’s important that this site has
perfect algorithms, so their best items are shown after every search.
Therefore, optimizing your product listing to match the A9 algorithms is very
important to stand out amongst millions of competitors there.

The way you present your product on Amazon – both through listing content and
the user experience after purchase, can make or break a sale. Creating
engaging listing pages that provide all the information customers need to feel
confident in their purchases is imperative for a product listing to rank top
on Amazon searches.

**Additional Read:**

[Avoid Amazon Listing Hijacking Using SellerApp’s
Alerts](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/ways-avoid-amazon-listing-hijacking/)

[Dynamic ASIN Optimization](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/dynamic-asin-
optimization-sponsored-brands/)

[Online arbitrage vs retail arbitrage](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/online-
arbitrage-vs-retail-arbitrage/)

[Amazon Advertising Grading Checklist for
2023](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/how-to-grade-amazon-ads-performance/).

### Was this post helpful?

Let us know if you liked the post. That’s the only way we can improve.

Yes 44

No 7

### Related posts:

  * [Unlock the Secrets of Amazon’s Category Tree to Optimize Listings like a Pro](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-product-categories-tree/ "Unlock the Secrets of Amazon’s Category Tree to Optimize Listings like a Pro")
  * [Uncover Expert Tips on How to Rank Higher on Amazon with Strategic Ranking Tactics](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/how-to-rank-higher-on-amazon/ "Uncover Expert Tips on How to Rank Higher on Amazon with Strategic Ranking Tactics")
  * [What is the Amazon Manufacturer Part Number?](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-manufacturer-part-number/ "What is the Amazon Manufacturer Part Number?")
  * [Top 6 Amazon Landing Page Generators to Drive External Traffic](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/best-amazon-landing-page-generators/ "Top 6 Amazon Landing Page Generators to Drive External Traffic")

##  Post Written by:

[ Arishekar N  ](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/author/arishekar/ "Author
profile") Arishekar N is the Senior Director of Marketing & Growth at
SellerApp, bringing over 14 years of experience leading high-performance teams
and driving massive organizational growth. He specializes in scaling
businesses through data-driven strategies across SEO, performance marketing,
PR, and brand building. Arishekar has a proven track record of delivering
measurable results, enhancing visibility, and accelerating revenue through
full-funnel marketing initiatives. When he’s not spearheading strategic growth
at SellerApp, you’ll often find him auditing Amazon brands for untapped
opportunities or catching up with friends.

[ __](https://www.facebook.com/arishekar) [
__](https://twitter.com/arishekarn)

### Was this post helpful?

Let us know if you liked the post. That’s the only way we can improve.

Yes 44

No 7

###  10 Comments on “Amazon Product Listings Optimization & Guidelines For
Increased Traffic”

  1. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/542eac966cc8fc1d10c29a677f006b9c9d35296613dd6302dac8a5dd6d614e43?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### Pauu

May 1, 2019

Reply

Appreciate your effort sellerapp  
cool

     1. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/9ea6df828fa2109050cc84ab836de36b5915b7f13941d8f08252591da2a1b1d2?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### [Arishekar N](https://www.sellerapp.com)

June 15, 2021

Reply

Thank you.

  2. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/6f8fefc0a49f833815bd047610e7e761a70564bfcc08d4ed6824f086dba5ac68?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### Anoo

May 4, 2021

Reply

Well-written and informative blog.

     1. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/9ea6df828fa2109050cc84ab836de36b5915b7f13941d8f08252591da2a1b1d2?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### [Arishekar N](https://www.sellerapp.com)

June 15, 2021

Reply

Thank you.

  3. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/7c2a5473c5bb3ac689f63dd40e077757db3caf713091c8d89a7feaeaddff21ec?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### Anoo

May 18, 2021

Reply

Thanks for posting this! It is almost exactly what I was looking for. Keep the
great content coming!

     1. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/9ea6df828fa2109050cc84ab836de36b5915b7f13941d8f08252591da2a1b1d2?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### [Arishekar N](https://www.sellerapp.com)

June 15, 2021

Reply

Glad you liked the article.

  4. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/1c05cd5fca70a7f6e031b56346653d3f095674d45da4049e68313e757f1abdc5?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### Lanny Barillaro

November 19, 2022

Reply

Excellent post! Your explanation of Amazon’s search algorithms and the
importance of back-end keywords was particularly enlightening. I’m excited to
implement these strategies and see the impact on my product listings’
visibility and traffic.

     1. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/9ea6df828fa2109050cc84ab836de36b5915b7f13941d8f08252591da2a1b1d2?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### [Arishekar N](https://www.sellerapp.com)

January 17, 2023

Reply

Glad you liked it.

  5. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/96116bf8cedf59b7998c3010ec34864c25de6255b8aa44067ddcf5dedfe35181?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### Meghan Mark

January 7, 2023

Reply

As an Amazon seller, I know how challenging it can be to drive traffic to our
product listings. Your post on optimizing listings and increasing traffic is
very informative.

     1. ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2074%2074'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/9ea6df828fa2109050cc84ab836de36b5915b7f13941d8f08252591da2a1b1d2?s=74&d=mm&r=g)

###### [Arishekar N](https://www.sellerapp.com)

January 17, 2023

Reply

I’m glad you enjoyed the post. Your feedback is always valuable to us.

#### Leave a comment [Cancel Reply](/blog/amazon-product-listing-
guide/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

  

###  Related posts

[ ![amazon competitor outrank
strategies](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20215%20100'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![amazon
competitor outrank strategies](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2020/07/how_to_outrank_amazon_competitor_product.jpg)
](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-product-listing-ranking-strategies/)

###  [Mastering Amazon FBA Competition with Our Expert
Strategies](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-product-listing-ranking-
strategies/)

[ ![how to reprice products on
amazon](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20215%20100'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![how
to reprice products on amazon](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2022/04/strategies-for-winning-the-amazon-buy-box-1.jpg)
](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/repricing-amazon-products/)

###  [Top 3 Repricing Strategies for Wholesalers and Brand
Owners](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/repricing-amazon-products/)

[ ![Amazon DSP
Guide](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20215%20100'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Amazon
DSP Guide](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/amazon-
dsp.jpg) ](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-dsp/)

###  [Amazon DSP Advertising Guide for Getting Increased
Conversions](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-dsp/)

[ ![What is the cost of Amazon
Launchpad](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20215%20113'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![What
is the cost of Amazon Launchpad](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/amazon-launchpad.jpg)
](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-launchpad/)

###  [Supercharge your business growth with Amazon
launchpad](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-launchpad/)

[ ![Amazon sponsored display ads versus Amazon DSP 2023
Guide](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20215%20113'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Amazon
sponsored display ads versus Amazon DSP 2023
Guide](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Amazon-DSP-
Vs-Sponsored-Display-Ads-215x113.jpg) ](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-
dsp-vs-sponsored-display-ads/)

###  [Key Differences Between Amazon DSP and Sponsored Display Ads: A Detailed
Guide](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-dsp-vs-sponsored-display-ads/)

[ ![how to find the best private label
manufacturers](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20215%20113'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![how
to find the best private label
manufacturers](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/best-
private-label-manufacturers-1-215x113.jpg)
](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-private-label-manufacturers/)

###  [Everything You Need To Know About Amazon Private Label Business:
Complete Guide](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-private-label-
manufacturers/)

[ ![amazon advertising
strategies](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20215%20129'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![amazon
advertising strategies](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2020/07/amazon-advertising-covid-strategies.jpg)
](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-advertising-strategies/)

###  [Top 6 Amazon Advertising Strategies for Sellers Amid
COVID-19](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-advertising-strategies/)

[ ![amazon sales
rank](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20215%20121'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![amazon
sales rank](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2018/11/12-Steps-to-Improve-Amazon-Best-Seller-Rank-BSR.png)
](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-sales-rank/)

###  [Amazon Sales Rank Explained: What it is? & 12 Steps to Improve
BSR](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-sales-rank/)

[ ![bullet points on
amazon](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20215%20100'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![bullet
points on amazon](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2017/01/amazon-bullet-points.jpg)
](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-bullet-points/)

###  [How to Write Magnetic Amazon Bullet
Points?](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-bullet-points/)

##### Recent Posts

  * [Amazon Seller Tariff Costs in 2025: How to Protect Your Margins and Stay Competitive](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-seller-tariff-costs/)
  * [How to sell on Amazon Germany: All you need for European expansion](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/how-to-sell-on-amazon-germany/)
  * [How do tariffs impact ecommerce in 2025: ecommerce tariffs insights for sellers](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/how-do-tariffs-impact-ecommerce/)
  * [Amazon Prime Day 2025: Tips for Amazon Prime Day strategy for guaranteed profit](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-prime-day/)
  * [Amazon Advertising & Seller Updates: What’s Changing in April 2025?](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-advertising-updates-april-2025/)
  * [Temu vs Amazon: A Comparison between Business Models, Practices & Strategies](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/temu-vs-amazon/)
  * [The Impact of Alexa plus on Amazon Sellers and Amazon PPC Agencies](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-alexa-plus-for-sellers/)
  * [Meet Amazon Rufus AI: Your New Smart Shopping Assistant](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-rufus-ai/)
  * [Amazon Solution Provider Portal— What Agencies Need to Know Before the Migration Deadline](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-solution-provider-portal/)
  * [Amazon New Seller Incentives: A Treasure Trove Within the Seller Central Platform](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-new-seller-incentives/)
  * [Amazon Seller Central Issues and Fixes to Keep Your Business Running](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-seller-central-issues/)
  * [40 Game-changing TikTok Amazon Finds of 2025](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/tiktok-amazon-finds/)
  * [Multi Brand Strategy To Help You Systematically Expand Your Brand Reach](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/multi-brand-strategy/)
  * [How to Create an eBay Storefront and Start a Business with Minimal Effort](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/how-to-set-up-ebay-storefront/)
  * [Amazon Advertising & Seller Updates: What’s Changing in February 2025?](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/amazon-advertising-updates-february-2025/)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://cdn.sellerapp.com/img/website-v2/common/sellerapp-
logo-white.svg)
![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20300%2067'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/SellerApp-Black-logo-1.webp)

To enable every eCommerce seller to monitor, optimize and scale their business
globally

##### Free Tools

  * [FBA Calculator](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-fba-calculator.html)
  * [Amazon Keyword Tool](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-keyword-search.html)
  * [Product Sourcing](https://www.sellerapp.com/product-sourcing.html)
  * [Listing Quality Checker](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-listing-quality-check.html)
  * [Amazon PPC Audit](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-ppc-audit-tool.html)
  * [Product Description Editor](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-product-description-editor.html)
  * [Duplicate Keyword Remover](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-duplicate-keyword-remover.html)
  * [Amazon ACoS Calculator](https://www.sellerapp.com/acos-amazon-ppc-tool.html)
  * [Amazon Sales Estimator](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-sales-estimator.html)

##### SellerApp

  * [Careers](https://www.sellerapp.com/career.html)
  * [Become an Affiliate](https://www.sellerapp.com/affiliates.html)
  * [Partner With Us](https://www.sellerapp.com/partners.html)
  * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/423591284664675/)
  * [Help](https://www.sellerapp.com/help/)
  * [Blog](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/)
  * [API Integrations](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-seller-api.html)

##### Help & Legal

  * [Contact Us](https://www.sellerapp.com/contact.html)
  * [Privacy](https://www.sellerapp.com/privacy.html)
  * [Terms of Use](https://www.sellerapp.com/terms-conditions.html)
  * [GDPR](https://www.sellerapp.com/gdpr.html)
  * [SITEMAP HTML](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/html-sitemap/)

###### Resources

  * [Careers](https://www.sellerapp.com/career.html)
  * [Become an Affiliate](https://www.sellerapp.com/affiliates.html)
  * [Partner With Us](https://www.sellerapp.com/partners.html)
  * [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/423591284664675/)
  * [Help](https://www.sellerapp.com/help/)
  * [Blog](https://www.sellerapp.com/blog/)
  * [API Integrations](https://www.sellerapp.com/amazon-seller-api.html)

© 2025 Powered by [ SellerApp](https://www.sellerapp.com/)

[ Schedule Demo ](https://www.sellerapp.com/schedule-
demo.html?referrer=blogsidecon)

__

Last Updated on 2 months by [Dave](https://www.sellerapp.com)

